may redeem him 2549 Either his uncle or his uncles son may redeem
him or any that is nigh of kin unto him of his family may redeem him
or if he be able he may redeem himself

2550 And he shall reckon with him that bought him from the year that
he was sold to him unto the year of jubile and the price of his sale
shall be according unto the number of years according to the time of
an hired servant shall it be with him

2551 If there be yet many years behind according unto them he shall
give again the price of his redemption out of the money that he was
bought for

2552 And if there remain but few years unto the year of jubile then
he shall count with him and according unto his years shall he give
him again the price of his redemption

2553 And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him and the
other shall not rule with rigour over him in thy sight

2554 And if he be not redeemed in these years then he shall go out
in the year of jubile both he and his children with him

2555 For unto me the children of Israel are servants they are my
servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt I am the LORD
your God

261 Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image neither rear you up
a standing image neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your
land to bow down unto it for I am the LORD your God

262 Ye shall keep my sabbaths and reverence my sanctuary I am the
LORD

263 If ye walk in my statutes and keep my commandments and do them
264 Then I will give you rain in due season and the land shall yield
her increase and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit

265 And your threshing shall reach unto the vintage and the vintage
shall reach unto the sowing time and ye shall eat your bread to the
full and dwell in your land safely

266 And I will give peace in the land and ye shall lie down and
none shall make you afraid and I will rid evil beasts out of the
land neither shall the sword go through your land

267 And ye shall chase your enemies and they shall fall before you
by the sword

268 And five of you shall chase an hundred and an hundred of you
shall put ten thousand to flight and your enemies shall fall before
you by the sword

269 For I will have respect unto you and make you fruitful and
multiply you and establish my covenant with you

2610 And ye shall eat old store and bring forth the old because of
the new

2611 And I set my tabernacle among you and my soul shall not abhor
you

2612 And I will walk among you and will be your God and ye shall be
my people

2613 I am the LORD your God which brought you forth out of the land
of Egypt that ye should not be their bondmen and I have broken the
bands of your yoke and made you go upright

2614 But if ye will not hearken unto me and will not do all these
commandments 2615 And if ye shall despise my statutes or if your
soul abhor my judgments so that ye will not do all my commandments
but that ye break my covenant 2616 I also will do this unto you I
will even appoint over you terror consumption and the burning ague
that shall consume the eyes and cause sorrow of heart and ye shall
sow your seed in vain for your enemies shall eat it

2617 And I will set my face against you and ye shall be slain before
your enemies they that hate you shall reign over you and ye shall
flee when none pursueth you

2618 And if ye will not yet for all this hearken unto me then I will
punish you seven times more for your sins

2619 And I will break the pride of your power and I will make your
heaven as iron and your earth as brass 2620 And your strength shall
be spent in vain for your land shall not yield her increase neither
shall the trees of the land yield their fruits

2621 And if ye walk contrary unto me and will not hearken unto me I
will bring seven times more plagues upon you according to your sins

2622 I will also send wild beasts among you which shall rob you of
your children and destroy your cattle and make you few in number
and your high ways shall be desolate

2623 And if ye will not be reformed by me by these things but will
walk contrary unto me 2624 Then will I also walk contrary unto you
and will punish you yet seven times for your sins

