277 And if it be from sixty years old and above if it be a male
then thy estimation shall be fifteen shekels and for the female ten
shekels

278 But if he be poorer than thy estimation then he shall present
himself before the priest and the priest shall value him according
to his ability that vowed shall the priest value him

279 And if it be a beast whereof men bring an offering unto the
LORD all that any man giveth of such unto the LORD shall be holy

2710 He shall not alter it nor change it a good for a bad or a bad
for a good and if he shall at all change beast for beast then it and
the exchange thereof shall be holy

2711 And if it be any unclean beast of which they do not offer a
sacrifice unto the LORD then he shall present the beast before the
priest 2712 And the priest shall value it whether it be good or
bad as thou valuest it who art the priest so shall it be

2713 But if he will at all redeem it then he shall add a fifth part
thereof unto thy estimation

2714 And when a man shall sanctify his house to be holy unto the
LORD then the priest shall estimate it whether it be good or bad as
the priest shall estimate it so shall it stand

2715 And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house then he
shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it and
it shall be his

2716 And if a man shall sanctify unto the LORD some part of a field
of his possession then thy estimation shall be according to the seed
thereof an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of
silver

2717 If he sanctify his field from the year of jubile according to
thy estimation it shall stand

2718 But if he sanctify his field after the jubile then the priest
shall reckon unto him the money according to the years that remain
even unto the year of the jubile and it shall be abated from thy
estimation

2719 And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it
then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto
it and it shall be assured to him

2720 And if he will not redeem the field or if he have sold the
field to another man it shall not be redeemed any more

2721 But the field when it goeth out in the jubile shall be holy
unto the LORD as a field devoted the possession thereof shall be the
priests

2722 And if a man sanctify unto the LORD a field which he hath
bought which is not of the fields of his possession 2723 Then the
priest shall reckon unto him the worth of thy estimation even unto
the year of the jubile and he shall give thine estimation in that
day as a holy thing unto the LORD

2724 In the year of the jubile the field shall return unto him of
whom it was bought even to him to whom the possession of the land did
belong

2725 And all thy estimations shall be according to the shekel of the
sanctuary twenty gerahs shall be the shekel

2726 Only the firstling of the beasts which should be the LORDs
firstling no man shall sanctify it whether it be ox or sheep it is
the LORDs

2727 And if it be of an unclean beast then he shall redeem it
according to thine estimation and shall add a fifth part of it
thereto or if it be not redeemed then it shall be sold according to
thy estimation

2728 Notwithstanding no devoted thing that a man shall devote unto
the LORD of all that he hath both of man and beast and of the field
of his possession shall be sold or redeemed every devoted thing is
most holy unto the LORD

2729 None devoted which shall be devoted of men shall be redeemed
but shall surely be put to death

2730 And all the tithe of the land whether of the seed of the land
or of the fruit of the tree is the LORDs it is holy unto the LORD

2731 And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes he shall
add thereto the fifth part thereof

2732 And concerning the tithe of the herd or of the flock even of
whatsoever passeth under the rod the tenth shall be holy unto the
LORD

2733 He shall not search whether it be good or bad neither shall he
change it and if he change it at all then both it and the change
thereof shall be holy it shall not be redeemed

2734 These are the commandments which the LORD commanded Moses for
