the boards of the tabernacle and the bars thereof and the pillars
thereof and the sockets thereof and all the vessels thereof and all
that serveth thereto 337 And the pillars of the court round about
and their sockets and their pins and their cords

338 But those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east even
before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward shall be Moses
and Aaron and his sons keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the
charge of the children of Israel and the stranger that cometh nigh
shall be put to death

339 All that were numbered of the Levites which Moses and Aaron
numbered at the commandment of the LORD throughout their families
all the males from a month old and upward were twenty and two
thousand

340 And the LORD said unto Moses Number all the firstborn of the
males of the children of Israel from a month old and upward and take
the number of their names

341 And thou shalt take the Levites for me I am the LORD instead of
all the firstborn among the children of Israel and the cattle of the
Levites instead of all the firstlings among the cattle of the children
of Israel

342 And Moses numbered as the LORD commanded him all the firstborn
among the children of Israel

343 And all the firstborn males by the number of names from a month
old and upward of those that were numbered of them were twenty and
two thousand two hundred and threescore and thirteen

344 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 345 Take the Levites
instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel and the
cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle and the Levites shall
be mine I am the LORD

346 And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and
threescore and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel
which are more than the Levites 347 Thou shalt even take five
shekels apiece by the poll after the shekel of the sanctuary shalt
thou take them the shekel is twenty gerahs 348 And thou shalt
give the money wherewith the odd number of them is to be redeemed
unto Aaron and to his sons

349 And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and
above them that were redeemed by the Levites 350 Of the firstborn of
the children of Israel took he the money a thousand three hundred and
threescore and five shekels after the shekel of the sanctuary 351
And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron and to
his sons according to the word of the LORD as the LORD commanded
Moses

41 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying 42 Take the
sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi after their
families by the house of their fathers 43 From thirty years old and
upward even until fifty years old all that enter into the host to do
the work in the tabernacle of the congregation

44 This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle
of the congregation about the most holy things 45 And when the camp
setteth forward Aaron shall come and his sons and they shall take
down the covering vail and cover the ark of testimony with it 46
And shall put thereon the covering of badgers skins and shall spread
over it a cloth wholly of blue and shall put in the staves thereof

47 And upon the table of shewbread they shall spread a cloth of blue
and put thereon the dishes and the spoons and the bowls and covers
to cover withal and the continual bread shall be thereon 48 And
they shall spread upon them a cloth of scarlet and cover the same
with a covering of badgers skins and shall put in the staves
thereof

49 And they shall take a cloth of blue and cover the candlestick of
the light and his lamps and his tongs and his snuffdishes and all
the oil vessels thereof wherewith they minister unto it 410 And
they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within a covering of
badgers skins and shall put it upon a bar

411 And upon the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of blue and
cover it with a covering of badgers skins and shall put to the
staves thereof 412 And they shall take all the instruments of
ministry wherewith they minister in the sanctuary and put them in a
cloth of blue and cover them with a covering of badgers skins and
shall put them on a bar 413 And they shall take away the ashes from
the altar and spread a purple cloth thereon 414 And they shall put
upon it all the vessels thereof wherewith they minister about it
even the censers the fleshhooks and the shovels and the basons all
the vessels of the altar and they shall spread upon it a covering of
badgers skins and put to the staves of it

415 And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering the
sanctuary and all the vessels of the sanctuary as the camp is to set
forward after that the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it but
they shall not touch any holy thing lest they die These things are
the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the
congregation

416 And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest
pertaineth the oil for the light and the sweet incense and the daily
