shall he drink any liquor of grapes nor eat moist grapes or dried

64 All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made
of the vine tree from the kernels even to the husk

65 All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor
come upon his head until the days be fulfilled in the which he
separateth himself unto the LORD he shall be holy and shall let the
locks of the hair of his head grow

66 All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall
come at no dead body

67 He shall not make himself unclean for his father or for his
mother for his brother or for his sister when they die because the
consecration of his God is upon his head

68 All the days of his separation he is holy unto the LORD

69 And if any man die very suddenly by him and he hath defiled the
head of his consecration then he shall shave his head in the day of
his cleansing on the seventh day shall he shave it

610 And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles or two young
pigeons to the priest to the door of the tabernacle of the
congregation 611 And the priest shall offer the one for a sin
offering and the other for a burnt offering and make an atonement
for him for that he sinned by the dead and shall hallow his head
that same day

612 And he shall consecrate unto the LORD the days of his separation
and shall bring a lamb of the first year for a trespass offering but
the days that were before shall be lost because his separation was
defiled

613 And this is the law of the Nazarite when the days of his
separation are fulfilled he shall be brought unto the door of the
tabernacle of the congregation 614 And he shall offer his offering
unto the LORD one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a
burnt offering and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for
a sin offering and one ram without blemish for peace offerings 615
And a basket of unleavened bread cakes of fine flour mingled with
oil and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil and their meat
offering and their drink offerings

616 And the priest shall bring them before the LORD and shall offer
his sin offering and his burnt offering 617 And he shall offer the
ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD with the basket
of unleavened bread the priest shall offer also his meat offering
and his drink offering

618 And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the
door of the tabernacle of the congregation and shall take the hair of
the head of his separation and put it in the fire which is under the
sacrifice of the peace offerings

619 And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram and one
unleavened cake out of the basket and one unleavened wafer and shall
put them upon the hands of the Nazarite after the hair of his
separation is shaven 620 And the priest shall wave them for a wave
offering before the LORD this is holy for the priest with the wave
breast and heave shoulder and after that the Nazarite may drink wine

621 This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed and of his
offering unto the LORD for his separation beside that that his hand
shall get according to the vow which he vowed so he must do after
the law of his separation

622 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 623 Speak unto Aaron and
unto his sons saying On this wise ye shall bless the children of
Israel saying unto them 624 The LORD bless thee and keep thee
625 The LORD make his face shine upon thee and be gracious unto
thee 626 The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee and give thee
peace

627 And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel and I
will bless them

71 And it came to pass on the day that Moses had fully set up the
tabernacle and had anointed it and sanctified it and all the
instruments thereof both the altar and all the vessels thereof and
had anointed them and sanctified them 72 That the princes of
Israel heads of the house of their fathers who were the princes of
the tribes and were over them that were numbered offered 73 And
they brought their offering before the LORD six covered wagons and
twelve oxen a wagon for two of the princes and for each one an ox
and they brought them before the tabernacle

74 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 75 Take it of them that
they may be to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation
and thou shalt give them unto the Levites to every man according to
his service

76 And Moses took the wagons and the oxen and gave them unto the
Levites

77 Two wagons and four oxen he gave unto the sons of Gershon
according to their service 78 And four wagons and eight oxen he gave
unto the sons of Merari according unto their service under the hand
of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest
