
1420 And the LORD said I have pardoned according to thy word 1421
But as truly as I live all the earth shall be filled with the glory
of the LORD

1422 Because all those men which have seen my glory and my miracles
which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness and have tempted me now
these ten times and have not hearkened to my voice 1423 Surely they
shall not see the land which I sware unto their fathers neither shall
any of them that provoked me see it 1424 But my servant Caleb
because he had another spirit with him and hath followed me fully
him will I bring into the land whereinto he went and his seed shall
possess it

1425 Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelt in the valley
Tomorrow turn you and get you into the wilderness by the way of the
Red sea

1426 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying 1427 How
long shall I bear with this evil congregation which murmur against
me I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel which they
murmur against me

1428 Say unto them As truly as I live saith the LORD as ye have
spoken in mine ears so will I do to you 1429 Your carcases shall
fall in this wilderness and all that were numbered of you according
to your whole number from twenty years old and upward which have
murmured against me

1430 Doubtless ye shall not come into the land concerning which I
sware to make you dwell therein save Caleb the son of Jephunneh and
Joshua the son of Nun

1431 But your little ones which ye said should be a prey them will
I bring in and they shall know the land which ye have despised

1432 But as for you your carcases they shall fall in this
wilderness

1433 And your children shall wander in the wilderness forty years
and bear your whoredoms until your carcases be wasted in the
wilderness

1434 After the number of the days in which ye searched the land even
forty days each day for a year shall ye bear your iniquities even
forty years and ye shall know my breach of promise

1435 I the LORD have said I will surely do it unto all this evil
congregation that are gathered together against me in this
wilderness they shall be consumed and there they shall die

1436 And the men which Moses sent to search the land who returned
and made all the congregation to murmur against him by bringing up a
slander upon the land 1437 Even those men that did bring up the evil
report upon the land died by the plague before the LORD

1438 But Joshua the son of Nun and Caleb the son of Jephunneh which
were of the men that went to search the land lived still

1439 And Moses told these sayings unto all the children of Israel
and the people mourned greatly

1440 And they rose up early in the morning and gat them up into the
top of the mountain saying Lo we be here and will go up unto the
place which the LORD hath promised for we have sinned

1441 And Moses said Wherefore now do ye transgress the commandment
of the LORD but it shall not prosper

1442 Go not up for the LORD is not among you that ye be not smitten
before your enemies

1443 For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you and
ye shall fall by the sword because ye are turned away from the LORD
therefore the LORD will not be with you

1444 But they presumed to go up unto the hill top nevertheless the
ark of the covenant of the LORD and Moses departed not out of the
camp

1445 Then the Amalekites came down and the Canaanites which dwelt in
that hill and smote them and discomfited them even unto Hormah

151 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 152 Speak unto the
children of Israel and say unto them When ye be come into the land
of your habitations which I give unto you 153 And will make an
offering by fire unto the LORD a burnt offering or a sacrifice in
performing a vow or in a freewill offering or in your solemn feasts
to make a sweet savour unto the LORD of the herd or of the flock
154 Then shall he that offereth his offering unto the LORD bring a
meat offering of a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of
an hin of oil

155 And the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering shalt
thou prepare with the burnt offering or sacrifice for one lamb

156 Or for a ram thou shalt prepare for a meat offering two tenth
deals of flour mingled with the third part of an hin of oil

157 And for a drink offering thou shalt offer the third part of an
