his sword drawn in his hand and the ass turned aside out of the way
and went into the field and Balaam smote the ass to turn her into
the way

2224 But the angel of the LORD stood in a path of the vineyards a
wall being on this side and a wall on that side

2225 And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD she thrust herself
unto the wall and crushed Balaams foot against the wall and he
smote her again

2226 And the angel of the LORD went further and stood in a narrow
place where was no way to turn either to the right hand or to the
left

2227 And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD she fell down under
Balaam and Balaams anger was kindled and he smote the ass with a
staff

2228 And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass and she said unto
Balaam What have I done unto thee that thou hast smitten me these
three times  2229 And Balaam said unto the ass Because thou hast
mocked me I would there were a sword in mine hand for now would I
kill thee

2230 And the ass said unto Balaam Am not I thine ass upon which
thou hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day was I ever wont
to do so unto thee And he said Nay

2231 Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam and he saw the angel of
the LORD standing in the way and his sword drawn in his hand and he
bowed down his head and fell flat on his face

2232 And the angel of the LORD said unto him Wherefore hast thou
smitten thine ass these three times behold I went out to withstand
thee because thy way is perverse before me 2233 And the ass saw me
and turned from me these three times unless she had turned from me
surely now also I had slain thee and saved her alive

2234 And Balaam said unto the angel of the LORD I have sinned for I
knew not that thou stoodest in the way against me now therefore if
it displease thee I will get me back again

2235 And the angel of the LORD said unto Balaam Go with the men but
only the word that I shall speak unto thee that thou shalt speak So
Balaam went with the princes of Balak

2236 And when Balak heard that Balaam was come he went out to meet
him unto a city of Moab which is in the border of Arnon which is in
the utmost coast

2237 And Balak said unto Balaam Did I not earnestly send unto thee
to call thee wherefore camest thou not unto me am I not able indeed
to promote thee to honour  2238 And Balaam said unto Balak Lo I am
come unto thee have I now any power at all to say any thing the word
that God putteth in my mouth that shall I speak

2239 And Balaam went with Balak and they came unto Kirjathhuzoth

2240 And Balak offered oxen and sheep and sent to Balaam and to the
princes that were with him

2241 And it came to pass on the morrow that Balak took Balaam and
brought him up into the high places of Baal that thence he might see
the utmost part of the people

231 And Balaam said unto Balak Build me here seven altars and
prepare me here seven oxen and seven rams

232 And Balak did as Balaam had spoken and Balak and Balaam offered
on every altar a bullock and a ram

233 And Balaam said unto Balak Stand by thy burnt offering and I
will go peradventure the LORD will come to meet me and whatsoever he
sheweth me I will tell thee And he went to an high place

234 And God met Balaam and he said unto him I have prepared seven
altars and I have offered upon every altar a bullock and a ram

235 And the LORD put a word in Balaams mouth and said Return unto
Balak and thus thou shalt speak

236 And he returned unto him and lo he stood by his burnt
sacrifice he and all the princes of Moab

237 And he took up his parable and said Balak the king of Moab hath
brought me from Aram out of the mountains of the east saying Come
curse me Jacob and come defy Israel

238 How shall I curse whom God hath not cursed or how shall I defy
whom the LORD hath not defied  239 For from the top of the rocks I
see him and from the hills I behold him lo the people shall dwell
alone and shall not be reckoned among the nations

2310 Who can count the dust of Jacob and the number of the fourth
part of Israel Let me die the death of the righteous and let my last
end be like his  2311 And Balak said unto Balaam What hast thou
done unto me I took thee to curse mine enemies and behold thou
hast blessed them altogether

