sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD

2814 And their drink offerings shall be half an hin of wine unto a
bullock and the third part of an hin unto a ram and a fourth part of
an hin unto a lamb this is the burnt offering of every month
throughout the months of the year

2815 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering unto the LORD shall
be offered beside the continual burnt offering and his drink
offering

2816 And in the fourteenth day of the first month is the passover of
the LORD

2817 And in the fifteenth day of this month is the feast seven days
shall unleavened bread be eaten

2818 In the first day shall be an holy convocation ye shall do no
manner of servile work therein 2819 But ye shall offer a sacrifice
made by fire for a burnt offering unto the LORD two young bullocks
and one ram and seven lambs of the first year they shall be unto you
without blemish 2820 And their meat offering shall be of flour
mingled with oil three tenth deals shall ye offer for a bullock and
two tenth deals for a ram 2821 A several tenth deal shalt thou offer
for every lamb throughout the seven lambs 2822 And one goat for a
sin offering to make an atonement for you

2823 Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering in the morning
which is for a continual burnt offering

2824 After this manner ye shall offer daily throughout the seven
days the meat of the sacrifice made by fire of a sweet savour unto
the LORD it shall be offered beside the continual burnt offering and
his drink offering

2825 And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy convocation ye
shall do no servile work

2826 Also in the day of the firstfruits when ye bring a new meat
offering unto the LORD after your weeks be out ye shall have an holy
convocation ye shall do no servile work 2827 But ye shall offer the
burnt offering for a sweet savour unto the LORD two young bullocks
one ram seven lambs of the first year 2828 And their meat offering
of flour mingled with oil three tenth deals unto one bullock two
tenth deals unto one ram 2829 A several tenth deal unto one lamb
throughout the seven lambs 2830 And one kid of the goats to make an
atonement for you

2831 Ye shall offer them beside the continual burnt offering and his
meat offering they shall be unto you without blemish and their
drink offerings

291 And in the seventh month on the first day of the month ye shall
have an holy convocation ye shall do no servile work it is a day of
blowing the trumpets unto you

292 And ye shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savour unto the
LORD one young bullock one ram and seven lambs of the first year
without blemish 293 And their meat offering shall be of flour
mingled with oil three tenth deals for a bullock and two tenth deals
for a ram 294 And one tenth deal for one lamb throughout the seven
lambs 295 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering to make an
atonement for you 296 Beside the burnt offering of the month and
his meat offering and the daily burnt offering and his meat
offering and their drink offerings according unto their manner for
a sweet savour a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD

297 And ye shall have on the tenth day of this seventh month an holy
convocation and ye shall afflict your souls ye shall not do any work
therein 298 But ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD for a
sweet savour one young bullock one ram and seven lambs of the first
year they shall be unto you without blemish 299 And their meat
offering shall be of flour mingled with oil three tenth deals to a
bullock and two tenth deals to one ram 2910 A several tenth deal
for one lamb throughout the seven lambs 2911 One kid of the goats
for a sin offering beside the sin offering of atonement and the
continual burnt offering and the meat offering of it and their drink
offerings

2912 And on the fifteenth day of the seventh month ye shall have an
holy convocation ye shall do no servile work and ye shall keep a
feast unto the LORD seven days 2913 And ye shall offer a burnt
offering a sacrifice made by fire of a sweet savour unto the LORD
thirteen young bullocks two rams and fourteen lambs of the first
year they shall be without blemish 2914 And their meat offering
shall be of flour mingled with oil three tenth deals unto every
bullock of the thirteen bullocks two tenth deals to each ram of the
two rams 2915 And a several tenth deal to each lamb of the fourteen
lambs 2916 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering beside the
continual burnt offering his meat offering and his drink offering

2917 And on the second day ye shall offer twelve young bullocks two
rams fourteen lambs of the first year without spot 2918 And their
meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks for the
rams and for the lambs shall be according to their number after the
manner 2919 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering beside the
continual burnt offering and the meat offering thereof and their
drink offerings

2920 And on the third day eleven bullocks two rams fourteen lambs
