of the first year without blemish 2921 And their meat offering and
their drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the
lambs shall be according to their number after the manner 2922 And
one goat for a sin offering beside the continual burnt offering and
his meat offering and his drink offering

2923 And on the fourth day ten bullocks two rams and fourteen lambs
of the first year without blemish 2924 Their meat offering and their
drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the lambs
shall be according to their number after the manner 2925 And one
kid of the goats for a sin offering beside the continual burnt
offering his meat offering and his drink offering

2926 And on the fifth day nine bullocks two rams and fourteen lambs
of the first year without spot 2927 And their meat offering and
their drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the
lambs shall be according to their number after the manner 2928 And
one goat for a sin offering beside the continual burnt offering and
his meat offering and his drink offering

2929 And on the sixth day eight bullocks two rams and fourteen
lambs of the first year without blemish 2930 And their meat offering
and their drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the
lambs shall be according to their number after the manner 2931 And
one goat for a sin offering beside the continual burnt offering his
meat offering and his drink offering

2932 And on the seventh day seven bullocks two rams and fourteen
lambs of the first year without blemish 2933 And their meat offering
and their drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the
lambs shall be according to their number after the manner 2934 And
one goat for a sin offering beside the continual burnt offering his
meat offering and his drink offering

2935 On the eighth day ye shall have a solemn assembly ye shall do
no servile work therein 2936 But ye shall offer a burnt offering a
sacrifice made by fire of a sweet savour unto the LORD one bullock
one ram seven lambs of the first year without blemish 2937 Their
meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock for the ram
and for the lambs shall be according to their number after the
manner 2938 And one goat for a sin offering beside the continual
burnt offering and his meat offering and his drink offering

2939 These things ye shall do unto the LORD in your set feasts
beside your vows and your freewill offerings for your burnt
offerings and for your meat offerings and for your drink offerings
and for your peace offerings

2940 And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the
LORD commanded Moses

301 And Moses spake unto the heads of the tribes concerning the
children of Israel saying This is the thing which the LORD hath
commanded

302 If a man vow a vow unto the LORD or swear an oath to bind his
soul with a bond he shall not break his word he shall do according
to all that proceedeth out of his mouth

303 If a woman also vow a vow unto the LORD and bind herself by a
bond being in her fathers house in her youth 304 And her father
hear her vow and her bond wherewith she hath bound her soul and her
father shall hold his peace at her then all her vows shall stand and
every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand

305 But if her father disallow her in the day that he heareth not
any of her vows or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound her soul
shall stand and the LORD shall forgive her because her father
disallowed her

306 And if she had at all an husband when she vowed or uttered
ought out of her lips wherewith she bound her soul 307 And her
husband heard it and held his peace at her in the day that he heard
it then her vows shall stand and her bonds wherewith she bound her
soul shall stand

308 But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it
then he shall make her vow which she vowed and that which she uttered
with her lips wherewith she bound her soul of none effect and the
LORD shall forgive her

309 But every vow of a widow and of her that is divorced wherewith
they have bound their souls shall stand against her

3010 And if she vowed in her husbands house or bound her soul by a
bond with an oath 3011 And her husband heard it and held his peace
at her and disallowed her not then all her vows shall stand and
every bond wherewith she bound her soul shall stand

3012 But if her husband hath utterly made them void on the day he
heard them then whatsoever proceeded out of her lips concerning her
vows or concerning the bond of her soul shall not stand her husband
hath made them void and the LORD shall forgive her

3013 Every vow and every binding oath to afflict the soul her
husband may establish it or her husband may make it void

3014 But if her husband altogether hold his peace at her from day to
day then he establisheth all her vows or all her bonds which are
upon her he confirmeth them because he held his peace at her in the
