
3348 And they departed from the mountains of Abarim and pitched in
the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho

3349 And they pitched by Jordan from Bethjesimoth even unto
Abelshittim in the plains of Moab

3350 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan
near Jericho saying 3351 Speak unto the children of Israel and say
unto them When ye are passed over Jordan into the land of Canaan
3352 Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from
before you and destroy all their pictures and destroy all their
molten images and quite pluck down all their high places 3353 And
ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land and dwell therein
for I have given you the land to possess it

3354 And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among
your families and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance and
to the fewer ye shall give the less inheritance every mans
inheritance shall be in the place where his lot falleth according to
the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit

3355 But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from
before you then it shall come to pass that those which ye let remain
of them shall be pricks in your eyes and thorns in your sides and
shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell

3356 Moreover it shall come to pass that I shall do unto you as I
thought to do unto them

341 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 342 Command the children
of Israel and say unto them When ye come into the land of Canaan
this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance even
the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof 343 Then your south
quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of
Edom and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea
eastward 344 And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent
of Akrabbim and pass on to Zin and the going forth thereof shall be
from the south to Kadeshbarnea and shall go on to Hazaraddar and
pass on to Azmon 345 And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon
unto the river of Egypt and the goings out of it shall be at the sea

346 And as for the western border ye shall even have the great sea
for a border this shall be your west border

347 And this shall be your north border from the great sea ye shall
point out for you mount Hor 348 From mount Hor ye shall point out
your border unto the entrance of Hamath and the goings forth of the
border shall be to Zedad 349 And the border shall go on to Ziphron
and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan this shall be your
north border

3410 And ye shall point out your east border from Hazarenan to
Shepham 3411 And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah on
the east side of Ain and the border shall descend and shall reach
unto the side of the sea of Chinnereth eastward 3412 And the border
shall go down to Jordan and the goings out of it shall be at the salt
sea this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about

3413 And Moses commanded the children of Israel saying This is the
land which ye shall inherit by lot which the LORD commanded to give
unto the nine tribes and to the half tribe 3414 For the tribe of
the children of Reuben according to the house of their fathers and
the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their
fathers have received their inheritance and half the tribe of
Manasseh have received their inheritance 3415 The two tribes and the
half tribe have received their inheritance on this side Jordan near
Jericho eastward toward the sunrising

3416 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 3417 These are the names
of the men which shall divide the land unto you Eleazar the priest
and Joshua the son of Nun

3418 And ye shall take one prince of every tribe to divide the land
by inheritance

3419 And the names of the men are these Of the tribe of Judah Caleb
the son of Jephunneh

3420 And of the tribe of the children of Simeon Shemuel the son of
Ammihud

3421 Of the tribe of Benjamin Elidad the son of Chislon

3422 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Dan Bukki the
son of Jogli

3423 The prince of the children of Joseph for the tribe of the
children of Manasseh Hanniel the son of Ephod

3424 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Ephraim Kemuel
the son of Shiphtan

3425 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Zebulun
Elizaphan the son of Parnach

3426 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar Paltiel
the son of Azzan

3427 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Asher Ahihud the
