
810 When thou hast eaten and art full then thou shalt bless the LORD
thy God for the good land which he hath given thee

811 Beware that thou forget not the LORD thy God in not keeping his
commandments and his judgments and his statutes which I command
thee this day 812 Lest when thou hast eaten and art full and hast
built goodly houses and dwelt therein 813 And when thy herds and
thy flocks multiply and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied and
all that thou hast is multiplied 814 Then thine heart be lifted up
and thou forget the LORD thy God which brought thee forth out of the
land of Egypt from the house of bondage 815 Who led thee through
that great and terrible wilderness wherein were fiery serpents and
scorpions and drought where there was no water who brought thee
forth water out of the rock of flint 816 Who fed thee in the
wilderness with manna which thy fathers knew not that he might
humble thee and that he might prove thee to do thee good at thy
latter end 817 And thou say in thine heart My power and the might
of mine hand hath gotten me this wealth

818 But thou shalt remember the LORD thy God for it is he that
giveth thee power to get wealth that he may establish his covenant
which he sware unto thy fathers as it is this day

819 And it shall be if thou do at all forget the LORD thy God and
walk after other gods and serve them and worship them I testify
against you this day that ye shall surely perish

820 As the nations which the LORD destroyeth before your face so
shall ye perish because ye would not be obedient unto the voice of
the LORD your God

91 Hear O Israel Thou art to pass over Jordan this day to go in to
possess nations greater and mightier than thyself cities great and
fenced up to heaven 92 A people great and tall the children of the
Anakims whom thou knowest and of whom thou hast heard say Who can
stand before the children of Anak  93 Understand therefore this day
that the LORD thy God is he which goeth over before thee as a
consuming fire he shall destroy them and he shall bring them down
before thy face so shalt thou drive them out and destroy them
quickly as the LORD hath said unto thee

94 Speak not thou in thine heart after that the LORD thy God hath
cast them out from before thee saying For my righteousness the LORD
hath brought me in to possess this land but for the wickedness of
these nations the LORD doth drive them out from before thee

95 Not for thy righteousness or for the uprightness of thine heart
dost thou go to possess their land but for the wickedness of these
nations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from before thee and
that he may perform the word which the LORD sware unto thy fathers
Abraham Isaac and Jacob

96 Understand therefore that the LORD thy God giveth thee not this
good land to possess it for thy righteousness for thou art a
stiffnecked people

97 Remember and forget not how thou provokedst the LORD thy God to
wrath in the wilderness from the day that thou didst depart out of
the land of Egypt until ye came unto this place ye have been
rebellious against the LORD

98 Also in Horeb ye provoked the LORD to wrath so that the LORD was
angry with you to have destroyed you

99 When I was gone up into the mount to receive the tables of stone
even the tables of the covenant which the LORD made with you then I
abode in the mount forty days and forty nights I neither did eat
bread nor drink water 910 And the LORD delivered unto me two tables
of stone written with the finger of God and on them was written
according to all the words which the LORD spake with you in the mount
out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly

911 And it came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights
that the LORD gave me the two tables of stone even the tables of the
covenant

912 And the LORD said unto me Arise get thee down quickly from
hence for thy people which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have
corrupted themselves they are quickly turned aside out of the way
which I commanded them they have made them a molten image

913 Furthermore the LORD spake unto me saying I have seen this
people and behold it is a stiffnecked people 914 Let me alone
that I may destroy them and blot out their name from under heaven
and I will make of thee a nation mightier and greater than they

915 So I turned and came down from the mount and the mount burned
with fire and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands

916 And I looked and behold ye had sinned against the LORD your
God and had made you a molten calf ye had turned aside quickly out
of the way which the LORD had commanded you

917 And I took the two tables and cast them out of my two hands and
brake them before your eyes

918 And I fell down before the LORD as at the first forty days and
forty nights I did neither eat bread nor drink water because of all
your sins which ye sinned in doing wickedly in the sight of the LORD
