1016 Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart and be no more
stiffnecked

1017 For the LORD your God is God of gods and Lord of lords a great
God a mighty and a terrible which regardeth not persons nor taketh
reward 1018 He doth execute the judgment of the fatherless and
widow and loveth the stranger in giving him food and raiment

1019 Love ye therefore the stranger for ye were strangers in the
land of Egypt

1020 Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God him shalt thou serve and to
him shalt thou cleave and swear by his name

1021 He is thy praise and he is thy God that hath done for thee
these great and terrible things which thine eyes have seen

1022 Thy fathers went down into Egypt with threescore and ten
persons and now the LORD thy God hath made thee as the stars of
heaven for multitude

111 Therefore thou shalt love the LORD thy God and keep his charge
and his statutes and his judgments and his commandments alway

112 And know ye this day for I speak not with your children which
have not known and which have not seen the chastisement of the LORD
your God his greatness his mighty hand and his stretched out arm
113 And his miracles and his acts which he did in the midst of
Egypt unto Pharaoh the king of Egypt and unto all his land 114 And
what he did unto the army of Egypt unto their horses and to their
chariots how he made the water of the Red sea to overflow them as
they pursued after you and how the LORD hath destroyed them unto this
day 115 And what he did unto you in the wilderness until ye came
into this place 116 And what he did unto Dathan and Abiram the sons
of Eliab the son of Reuben how the earth opened her mouth and
swallowed them up and their households and their tents and all the
substance that was in their possession in the midst of all Israel
117 But your eyes have seen all the great acts of the LORD which he
did

118 Therefore shall ye keep all the commandments which I command you
this day that ye may be strong and go in and possess the land
whither ye go to possess it 119 And that ye may prolong your days in
the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and
to their seed a land that floweth with milk and honey

1110 For the land whither thou goest in to possess it is not as the
land of Egypt from whence ye came out where thou sowedst thy seed
and wateredst it with thy foot as a garden of herbs 1111 But the
land whither ye go to possess it is a land of hills and valleys and
drinketh water of the rain of heaven 1112 A land which the LORD thy
God careth for the eyes of the LORD thy God are always upon it from
the beginning of the year even unto the end of the year

1113 And it shall come to pass if ye shall hearken diligently unto
my commandments which I command you this day to love the LORD your
God and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul
1114 That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season
the first rain and the latter rain that thou mayest gather in thy
corn and thy wine and thine oil

1115 And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle that thou
mayest eat and be full

1116 Take heed to yourselves that your heart be not deceived and ye
turn aside and serve other gods and worship them 1117 And then the
LORDs wrath be kindled against you and he shut up the heaven that
there be no rain and that the land yield not her fruit and lest ye
perish quickly from off the good land which the LORD giveth you

1118 Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in
your soul and bind them for a sign upon your hand that they may be
as frontlets between your eyes

1119 And ye shall teach them your children speaking of them when
thou sittest in thine house and when thou walkest by the way when
thou liest down and when thou risest up

1120 And thou shalt write them upon the door posts of thine house
and upon thy gates 1121 That your days may be multiplied and the
days of your children in the land which the LORD sware unto your
fathers to give them as the days of heaven upon the earth

1122 For if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I
command you to do them to love the LORD your God to walk in all his
ways and to cleave unto him 1123 Then will the LORD drive out all
these nations from before you and ye shall possess greater nations
and mightier than yourselves

1124 Every place whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall be
yours from the wilderness and Lebanon from the river the river
Euphrates even unto the uttermost sea shall your coast be

1125 There shall no man be able to stand before you for the LORD
your God shall lay the fear of you and the dread of you upon all the
land that ye shall tread upon as he hath said unto you

1126 Behold I set before you this day a blessing and a curse 1127
A blessing if ye obey the commandments of the LORD your God which I
command you this day 1128 And a curse if ye will not obey the
