hated not in time past 195 As when a man goeth into the wood with
his neighbour to hew wood and his hand fetcheth a stroke with the axe
to cut down the tree and the head slippeth from the helve and
lighteth upon his neighbour that he die he shall flee unto one of
those cities and live 196 Lest the avenger of the blood pursue the
slayer while his heart is hot and overtake him because the way is
long and slay him whereas he was not worthy of death inasmuch as he
hated him not in time past

197 Wherefore I command thee saying Thou shalt separate three
cities for thee

198 And if the LORD thy God enlarge thy coast as he hath sworn unto
thy fathers and give thee all the land which he promised to give unto
thy fathers 199 If thou shalt keep all these commandments to do
them which I command thee this day to love the LORD thy God and to
walk ever in his ways then shalt thou add three cities more for thee
beside these three 1910 That innocent blood be not shed in thy land
which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance and so blood be
upon thee

1911 But if any man hate his neighbour and lie in wait for him and
rise up against him and smite him mortally that he die and fleeth
into one of these cities 1912 Then the elders of his city shall send
and fetch him thence and deliver him into the hand of the avenger of
blood that he may die

1913 Thine eye shall not pity him but thou shalt put away the guilt
of innocent blood from Israel that it may go well with thee

1914 Thou shalt not remove thy neighbours landmark which they of
old time have set in thine inheritance which thou shalt inherit in
the land that the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it

1915 One witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity or
for any sin in any sin that he sinneth at the mouth of two
witnesses or at the mouth of three witnesses shall the matter be
established

1916 If a false witness rise up against any man to testify against
him that which is wrong 1917 Then both the men between whom the
controversy is shall stand before the LORD before the priests and
the judges which shall be in those days 1918 And the judges shall
make diligent inquisition and behold if the witness be a false
witness and hath testified falsely against his brother 1919 Then
shall ye do unto him as he had thought to have done unto his brother
so shalt thou put the evil away from among you

1920 And those which remain shall hear and fear and shall
henceforth commit no more any such evil among you

1921 And thine eye shall not pity but life shall go for life eye
for eye tooth for tooth hand for hand foot for foot

201 When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies and seest
horses and chariots and a people more than thou be not afraid of
them for the LORD thy God is with thee which brought thee up out of
the land of Egypt

202 And it shall be when ye are come nigh unto the battle that the
priest shall approach and speak unto the people 203 And shall say
unto them Hear O Israel ye approach this day unto battle against
your enemies let not your hearts faint fear not and do not tremble
neither be ye terrified because of them 204 For the LORD your God is
he that goeth with you to fight for you against your enemies to save
you

205 And the officers shall speak unto the people saying What man is
there that hath built a new house and hath not dedicated it let him
go and return to his house lest he die in the battle and another man
dedicate it

206 And what man is he that hath planted a vineyard and hath not yet
eaten of it let him also go and return unto his house lest he die in
the battle and another man eat of it

207 And what man is there that hath betrothed a wife and hath not
taken her let him go and return unto his house lest he die in the
battle and another man take her

208 And the officers shall speak further unto the people and they
shall say What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted let him
go and return unto his house lest his brethrens heart faint as well
as his heart

209 And it shall be when the officers have made an end of speaking
unto the people that they shall make captains of the armies to lead
the people

2010 When thou comest nigh unto a city to fight against it then
proclaim peace unto it

2011 And it shall be if it make thee answer of peace and open unto
thee then it shall be that all the people that is found therein
shall be tributaries unto thee and they shall serve thee

2012 And if it will make no peace with thee but will make war
against thee then thou shalt besiege it 2013 And when the LORD thy
God hath delivered it into thine hands thou shalt smite every male
thereof with the edge of the sword 2014 But the women and the
