cities thereof and all the souls that were therein he left none
remaining according to all that he had done to Eglon but destroyed
it utterly and all the souls that were therein

1038 And Joshua returned and all Israel with him to Debir and
fought against it 1039 And he took it and the king thereof and all
the cities thereof and they smote them with the edge of the sword
and utterly destroyed all the souls that were therein he left none
remaining as he had done to Hebron so he did to Debir and to the
king thereof as he had done also to Libnah and to her king

1040 So Joshua smote all the country of the hills and of the south
and of the vale and of the springs and all their kings he left none
remaining but utterly destroyed all that breathed as the LORD God of
Israel commanded

1041 And Joshua smote them from Kadeshbarnea even unto Gaza and all
the country of Goshen even unto Gibeon

1042 And all these kings and their land did Joshua take at one time
because the LORD God of Israel fought for Israel

1043 And Joshua returned and all Israel with him unto the camp to
Gilgal

111 And it came to pass when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those
things that he sent to Jobab king of Madon and to the king of
Shimron and to the king of Achshaph 112 And to the kings that were
on the north of the mountains and of the plains south of Chinneroth
and in the valley and in the borders of Dor on the west 113 And to
the Canaanite on the east and on the west and to the Amorite and the
Hittite and the Perizzite and the Jebusite in the mountains and to
the Hivite under Hermon in the land of Mizpeh

114 And they went out they and all their hosts with them much
people even as the sand that is upon the sea shore in multitude with
horses and chariots very many

115 And when all these kings were met together they came and pitched
together at the waters of Merom to fight against Israel

116 And the LORD said unto Joshua Be not afraid because of them for
to morrow about this time will I deliver them up all slain before
Israel thou shalt hough their horses and burn their chariots with
fire

117 So Joshua came and all the people of war with him against them
by the waters of Merom suddenly and they fell upon them

118 And the LORD delivered them into the hand of Israel who smote
them and chased them unto great Zidon and unto Misrephothmaim and
unto the valley of Mizpeh eastward and they smote them until they
left them none remaining

119 And Joshua did unto them as the LORD bade him he houghed their
horses and burnt their chariots with fire

1110 And Joshua at that time turned back and took Hazor and smote
the king thereof with the sword for Hazor beforetime was the head of
all those kingdoms

1111 And they smote all the souls that were therein with the edge of
the sword utterly destroying them there was not any left to breathe
and he burnt Hazor with fire

1112 And all the cities of those kings and all the kings of them
did Joshua take and smote them with the edge of the sword and he
utterly destroyed them as Moses the servant of the LORD commanded

1113 But as for the cities that stood still in their strength Israel
burned none of them save Hazor only that did Joshua burn

1114 And all the spoil of these cities and the cattle the children
of Israel took for a prey unto themselves but every man they smote
with the edge of the sword until they had destroyed them neither
left they any to breathe

1115 As the LORD commanded Moses his servant so did Moses command
Joshua and so did Joshua he left nothing undone of all that the LORD
commanded Moses

1116 So Joshua took all that land the hills and all the south
country and all the land of Goshen and the valley and the plain
and the mountain of Israel and the valley of the same 1117 Even
from the mount Halak that goeth up to Seir even unto Baalgad in the
valley of Lebanon under mount Hermon and all their kings he took and
smote them and slew them

1118 Joshua made war a long time with all those kings

1119 There was not a city that made peace with the children of
Israel save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon all other they
took in battle

1120 For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts that they should
come against Israel in battle that he might destroy them utterly and
that they might have no favour but that he might destroy them as the
LORD commanded Moses

1121 And at that time came Joshua and cut off the Anakims from the
