
1316 And their coast was from Aroer that is on the bank of the river
Arnon and the city that is in the midst of the river and all the
plain by Medeba 1317 Heshbon and all her cities that are in the
plain Dibon and Bamothbaal and Bethbaalmeon 1318 And Jahaza and
Kedemoth and Mephaath 1319 And Kirjathaim and Sibmah and
Zarethshahar in the mount of the valley 1320 And Bethpeor and
Ashdothpisgah and Bethjeshimoth 1321 And all the cities of the
plain and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites which
reigned in Heshbon whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian Evi
and Rekem and Zur and Hur and Reba which were dukes of Sihon
dwelling in the country

1322 Balaam also the son of Beor the soothsayer did the children of
Israel slay with the sword among them that were slain by them

1323 And the border of the children of Reuben was Jordan and the
border thereof This was the inheritance of the children of Reuben
after their families the cities and the villages thereof

1324 And Moses gave inheritance unto the tribe of Gad even unto the
children of Gad according to their families

1325 And their coast was Jazer and all the cities of Gilead and
half the land of the children of Ammon unto Aroer that is before
Rabbah 1326 And from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh and Betonim and
from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir 1327 And in the valley
Betharam and Bethnimrah and Succoth and Zaphon the rest of the
kingdom of Sihon king of Heshbon Jordan and his border even unto the
edge of the sea of Chinnereth on the other side Jordan eastward

1328 This is the inheritance of the children of Gad after their
families the cities and their villages

1329 And Moses gave inheritance unto the half tribe of Manasseh and
this was the possession of the half tribe of the children of Manasseh
by their families

1330 And their coast was from Mahanaim all Bashan all the kingdom
of Og king of Bashan and all the towns of Jair which are in Bashan
threescore cities 1331 And half Gilead and Ashtaroth and Edrei
cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan were pertaining unto the
children of Machir the son of Manasseh even to the one half of the
children of Machir by their families

1332 These are the countries which Moses did distribute for
inheritance in the plains of Moab on the other side Jordan by
Jericho eastward

1333 But unto the tribe of Levi Moses gave not any inheritance the
LORD God of Israel was their inheritance as he said unto them

141 And these are the countries which the children of Israel
inherited in the land of Canaan which Eleazar the priest and Joshua
the son of Nun and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the
children of Israel distributed for inheritance to them

142 By lot was their inheritance as the LORD commanded by the hand
of Moses for the nine tribes and for the half tribe

143 For Moses had given the inheritance of two tribes and an half
tribe on the other side Jordan but unto the Levites he gave none
inheritance among them

144 For the children of Joseph were two tribes Manasseh and Ephraim
therefore they gave no part unto the Levites in the land save cities
to dwell in with their suburbs for their cattle and for their
substance

145 As the LORD commanded Moses so the children of Israel did and
they divided the land

146 Then the children of Judah came unto Joshua in Gilgal and Caleb
the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite said unto him Thou knowest the
thing that the LORD said unto Moses the man of God concerning me and
thee in Kadeshbarnea

147 Forty years old was I when Moses the servant of the LORD sent me
from Kadeshbarnea to espy out the land and I brought him word again
as it was in mine heart

148 Nevertheless my brethren that went up with me made the heart of
the people melt but I wholly followed the LORD my God

149 And Moses sware on that day saying Surely the land whereon thy
feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance and thy childrens for
ever because thou hast wholly followed the LORD my God

1410 And now behold the LORD hath kept me alive as he said these
forty and five years even since the LORD spake this word unto Moses
while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness and now lo
I am this day fourscore and five years old

1411 As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses
sent me as my strength was then even so is my strength now for war
both to go out and to come in

1412 Now therefore give me this mountain whereof the LORD spake in
that day for thou heardest in that day how the Anakims were there
and that the cities were great and fenced if so be the LORD will be
