2110 Which the children of Aaron being of the families of the
Kohathites who were of the children of Levi had for theirs was the
first lot

2111 And they gave them the city of Arba the father of Anak which
city is Hebron in the hill country of Judah with the suburbs thereof
round about it

2112 But the fields of the city and the villages thereof gave they
to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for his possession

2113 Thus they gave to the children of Aaron the priest Hebron with
her suburbs to be a city of refuge for the slayer and Libnah with
her suburbs 2114 And Jattir with her suburbs and Eshtemoa with her
suburbs 2115 And Holon with her suburbs and Debir with her suburbs
2116 And Ain with her suburbs and Juttah with her suburbs and
Bethshemesh with her suburbs nine cities out of those two tribes

2117 And out of the tribe of Benjamin Gibeon with her suburbs Geba
with her suburbs 2118 Anathoth with her suburbs and Almon with her
suburbs four cities

2119 All the cities of the children of Aaron the priests were
thirteen cities with their suburbs

2120 And the families of the children of Kohath the Levites which
remained of the children of Kohath even they had the cities of their
lot out of the tribe of Ephraim

2121 For they gave them Shechem with her suburbs in mount Ephraim to
be a city of refuge for the slayer and Gezer with her suburbs 2122
And Kibzaim with her suburbs and Bethhoron with her suburbs four
cities

2123 And out of the tribe of Dan Eltekeh with her suburbs Gibbethon
with her suburbs 2124 Aijalon with her suburbs Gathrimmon with her
suburbs four cities

2125 And out of the half tribe of Manasseh Tanach with her suburbs
and Gathrimmon with her suburbs two cities

2126 All the cities were ten with their suburbs for the families of
the children of Kohath that remained

2127 And unto the children of Gershon of the families of the
Levites out of the other half tribe of Manasseh they gave Golan in
Bashan with her suburbs to be a city of refuge for the slayer and
Beeshterah with her suburbs two cities

2128 And out of the tribe of Issachar Kishon with her suburbs
Dabareh with her suburbs 2129 Jarmuth with her suburbs Engannim
with her suburbs four cities

2130 And out of the tribe of Asher Mishal with her suburbs Abdon
with her suburbs 2131 Helkath with her suburbs and Rehob with her
suburbs four cities

2132 And out of the tribe of Naphtali Kedesh in Galilee with her
suburbs to be a city of refuge for the slayer and Hammothdor with
her suburbs and Kartan with her suburbs three cities

2133 All the cities of the Gershonites according to their families
were thirteen cities with their suburbs

2134 And unto the families of the children of Merari the rest of the
Levites out of the tribe of Zebulun Jokneam with her suburbs and
Kartah with her suburbs 2135 Dimnah with her suburbs Nahalal with
her suburbs four cities

2136 And out of the tribe of Reuben Bezer with her suburbs and
Jahazah with her suburbs 2137 Kedemoth with her suburbs and
Mephaath with her suburbs four cities

2138 And out of the tribe of Gad Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs
to be a city of refuge for the slayer and Mahanaim with her suburbs
2139 Heshbon with her suburbs Jazer with her suburbs four cities in
all

2140 So all the cities for the children of Merari by their families
which were remaining of the families of the Levites were by their lot
twelve cities

2141 All the cities of the Levites within the possession of the
children of Israel were forty and eight cities with their suburbs

2142 These cities were every one with their suburbs round about them
thus were all these cities

2143 And the LORD gave unto Israel all the land which he sware to
give unto their fathers and they possessed it and dwelt therein

2144 And the LORD gave them rest round about according to all that
he sware unto their fathers and there stood not a man of all their
enemies before them the LORD delivered all their enemies into their
hand

2145 There failed not ought of any good thing which the LORD had
spoken unto the house of Israel all came to pass

221 Then Joshua called the Reubenites and the Gadites and the half
