deny your God

2428 So Joshua let the people depart every man unto his inheritance

2429 And it came to pass after these things that Joshua the son of
Nun the servant of the LORD died being an hundred and ten years
old

2430 And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in
Timnathserah which is in mount Ephraim on the north side of the hill
of Gaash

2431 And Israel served the LORD all the days of Joshua and all the
days of the elders that overlived Joshua and which had known all the
works of the LORD that he had done for Israel

2432 And the bones of Joseph which the children of Israel brought up
out of Egypt buried they in Shechem in a parcel of ground which
Jacob bought of the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem for an hundred
pieces of silver and it became the inheritance of the children of
Joseph

2433 And Eleazar the son of Aaron died and they buried him in a hill
that pertained to Phinehas his son which was given him in mount
Ephraim




The Book of Judges


11 Now after the death of Joshua it came to pass that the children
of Israel asked the LORD saying Who shall go up for us against the
Canaanites first to fight against them  12 And the LORD said Judah
shall go up behold I have delivered the land into his hand

13 And Judah said unto Simeon his brother Come up with me into my
lot that we may fight against the Canaanites and I likewise will go
with thee into thy lot So Simeon went with him

14 And Judah went up and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the
Perizzites into their hand and they slew of them in Bezek ten
thousand men

15 And they found Adonibezek in Bezek and they fought against him
and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites

16 But Adonibezek fled and they pursued after him and caught him
and cut off his thumbs and his great toes

17 And Adonibezek said Threescore and ten kings having their thumbs
and their great toes cut off gathered their meat under my table as I
have done so God hath requited me And they brought him to Jerusalem
and there he died

18 Now the children of Judah had fought against Jerusalem and had
taken it and smitten it with the edge of the sword and set the city
on fire

19 And afterward the children of Judah went down to fight against the
Canaanites that dwelt in the mountain and in the south and in the
valley

110 And Judah went against the Canaanites that dwelt in Hebron now
the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba and they slew Sheshai and
Ahiman and Talmai

111 And from thence he went against the inhabitants of Debir and the
name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher 112 And Caleb said He that
smiteth Kirjathsepher and taketh it to him will I give Achsah my
daughter to wife

113 And Othniel the son of Kenaz Calebs younger brother took it
and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife

114 And it came to pass when she came to him that she moved him to
ask of her father a field and she lighted from off her ass and Caleb
said unto her What wilt thou  115 And she said unto him Give me a
blessing for thou hast given me a south land give me also springs of
water And Caleb gave her the upper springs and the nether springs

116 And the children of the Kenite Moses father in law went up out
of the city of palm trees with the children of Judah into the
wilderness of Judah which lieth in the south of Arad and they went
and dwelt among the people

117 And Judah went with Simeon his brother and they slew the
Canaanites that inhabited Zephath and utterly destroyed it And the
name of the city was called Hormah

118 Also Judah took Gaza with the coast thereof and Askelon with the
coast thereof and Ekron with the coast thereof

119 And the LORD was with Judah and he drave out the inhabitants of
the mountain but could not drive out the inhabitants of the valley
because they had chariots of iron

120 And they gave Hebron unto Caleb as Moses said and he expelled
thence the three sons of Anak
