
121 And the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that
inhabited Jerusalem but the Jebusites dwell with the children of
Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day

122 And the house of Joseph they also went up against Bethel and
the LORD was with them

123 And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel Now the name of
the city before was Luz  124 And the spies saw a man come forth out
of the city and they said unto him Shew us we pray thee the
entrance into the city and we will shew thee mercy

125 And when he shewed them the entrance into the city they smote
the city with the edge of the sword but they let go the man and all
his family

126 And the man went into the land of the Hittites and built a city
and called the name thereof Luz which is the name thereof unto this
day

127 Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and
her towns nor Taanach and her towns nor the inhabitants of Dor and
her towns nor the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns nor the
inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns but the Canaanites would dwell
in that land

128 And it came to pass when Israel was strong that they put the
Canaanites to tribute and did not utterly drive them out

129 Neither did Ephraim drive out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer
but the Canaanites dwelt in Gezer among them

130 Neither did Zebulun drive out the inhabitants of Kitron nor the
inhabitants of Nahalol but the Canaanites dwelt among them and
became tributaries

131 Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Accho nor the
inhabitants of Zidon nor of Ahlab nor of Achzib nor of Helbah nor
of Aphik nor of Rehob 132 But the Asherites dwelt among the
Canaanites the inhabitants of the land for they did not drive them
out

133 Neither did Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh
nor the inhabitants of Bethanath but he dwelt among the Canaanites
the inhabitants of the land nevertheless the inhabitants of
Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them

134 And the Amorites forced the children of Dan into the mountain
for they would not suffer them to come down to the valley 135 But
the Amorites would dwell in mount Heres in Aijalon and in Shaalbim
yet the hand of the house of Joseph prevailed so that they became
tributaries

136 And the coast of the Amorites was from the going up to Akrabbim
from the rock and upward

21 And an angel of the LORD came up from Gilgal to Bochim and said
I made you to go up out of Egypt and have brought you unto the land
which I sware unto your fathers and I said I will never break my
covenant with you

22 And ye shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land ye
shall throw down their altars but ye have not obeyed my voice why
have ye done this  23 Wherefore I also said I will not drive them
out from before you but they shall be as thorns in your sides and
their gods shall be a snare unto you

24 And it came to pass when the angel of the LORD spake these words
unto all the children of Israel that the people lifted up their
voice and wept

25 And they called the name of that place Bochim and they sacrificed
there unto the LORD

26 And when Joshua had let the people go the children of Israel went
every man unto his inheritance to possess the land

27 And the people served the LORD all the days of Joshua and all the
days of the elders that outlived Joshua who had seen all the great
works of the LORD that he did for Israel

28 And Joshua the son of Nun the servant of the LORD died being an
hundred and ten years old

29 And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in
Timnathheres in the mount of Ephraim on the north side of the hill
Gaash

210 And also all that generation were gathered unto their fathers
and there arose another generation after them which knew not the
LORD nor yet the works which he had done for Israel

211 And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD and
served Baalim 212 And they forsook the LORD God of their fathers
which brought them out of the land of Egypt and followed other gods
of the gods of the people that were round about them and bowed
themselves unto them and provoked the LORD to anger

213 And they forsook the LORD and served Baal and Ashtaroth
