threshold only the stump of Dagon was left to him

55 Therefore neither the priests of Dagon nor any that come into
Dagons house tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod unto this
day

56 But the hand of the LORD was heavy upon them of Ashdod and he
destroyed them and smote them with emerods even Ashdod and the
coasts thereof

57 And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so they said The ark
of the God of Israel shall not abide with us for his hand is sore
upon us and upon Dagon our god

58 They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines
unto them and said What shall we do with the ark of the God of
Israel And they answered Let the ark of the God of Israel be carried
about unto Gath And they carried the ark of the God of Israel about
thither

59 And it was so that after they had carried it about the hand of
the LORD was against the city with a very great destruction and he
smote the men of the city both small and great and they had emerods
in their secret parts

510 Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ekron And it came to pass
as the ark of God came to Ekron that the Ekronites cried out saying
They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us to slay us
and our people

511 So they sent and gathered together all the lords of the
Philistines and said Send away the ark of the God of Israel and let
it go again to his own place that it slay us not and our people for
there was a deadly destruction throughout all the city the hand of
God was very heavy there

512 And the men that died not were smitten with the emerods and the
cry of the city went up to heaven

61 And the ark of the LORD was in the country of the Philistines
seven months

62 And the Philistines called for the priests and the diviners
saying What shall we do to the ark of the LORD tell us wherewith we
shall send it to his place

63 And they said If ye send away the ark of the God of Israel send
it not empty but in any wise return him a trespass offering then ye
shall be healed and it shall be known to you why his hand is not
removed from you

64 Then said they What shall be the trespass offering which we shall
return to him They answered Five golden emerods and five golden
mice according to the number of the lords of the Philistines for one
plague was on you all and on your lords

65 Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods and images of your
mice that mar the land and ye shall give glory unto the God of
Israel peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you and from
off your gods and from off your land

66 Wherefore then do ye harden your hearts as the Egyptians and
Pharaoh hardened their hearts when he had wrought wonderfully among
them did they not let the people go and they departed  67 Now
therefore make a new cart and take two milch kine on which there
hath come no yoke and tie the kine to the cart and bring their
calves home from them 68 And take the ark of the LORD and lay it
upon the cart and put the jewels of gold which ye return him for a
trespass offering in a coffer by the side thereof and send it away
that it may go

69 And see if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to
Bethshemesh then he hath done us this great evil but if not then we
shall know that it is not his hand that smote us it was a chance that
happened to us

610 And the men did so and took two milch kine and tied them to the
cart and shut up their calves at home 611 And they laid the ark of
the LORD upon the cart and the coffer with the mice of gold and the
images of their emerods

612 And the kine took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh and
went along the highway lowing as they went and turned not aside to
the right hand or to the left and the lords of the Philistines went
after them unto the border of Bethshemesh

613 And they of Bethshemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the
valley and they lifted up their eyes and saw the ark and rejoiced
to see it

614 And the cart came into the field of Joshua a Bethshemite and
stood there where there was a great stone and they clave the wood of
the cart and offered the kine a burnt offering unto the LORD

615 And the Levites took down the ark of the LORD and the coffer
that was with it wherein the jewels of gold were and put them on the
great stone and the men of Bethshemesh offered burnt offerings and
sacrificed sacrifices the same day unto the LORD

616 And when the five lords of the Philistines had seen it they
