3422 Only herein will the men consent unto us for to dwell with us
to be one people if every male among us be circumcised as they are
circumcised

3423 Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of
theirs be ours only let us consent unto them and they will dwell
with us

3424 And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went
out of the gate of his city and every male was circumcised all that
went out of the gate of his city

3425 And it came to pass on the third day when they were sore that
two of the sons of Jacob Simeon and Levi Dinahs brethren took each
man his sword and came upon the city boldly and slew all the males

3426 And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the
sword and took Dinah out of Shechems house and went out

3427 The sons of Jacob came upon the slain and spoiled the city
because they had defiled their sister

3428 They took their sheep and their oxen and their asses and that
which was in the city and that which was in the field 3429 And all
their wealth and all their little ones and their wives took they
captive and spoiled even all that was in the house

3430 And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi Ye have troubled me to make
me to stink among the inhabitants of the land among the Canaanites
and the Perizzites and I being few in number they shall gather
themselves together against me and slay me and I shall be destroyed
I and my house

3431 And they said Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot
351 And God said unto Jacob Arise go up to Bethel and dwell there
and make there an altar unto God that appeared unto thee when thou
fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother

352 Then Jacob said unto his household and to all that were with
him Put away the strange gods that are among you and be clean and
change your garments 353 And let us arise and go up to Bethel and
I will make there an altar unto God who answered me in the day of my
distress and was with me in the way which I went

354 And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their
hand and all their earrings which were in their ears and Jacob hid
them under the oak which was by Shechem

355 And they journeyed and the terror of God was upon the cities
that were round about them and they did not pursue after the sons of
Jacob

356 So Jacob came to Luz which is in the land of Canaan that is
Bethel he and all the people that were with him

357 And he built there an altar and called the place Elbethel
because there God appeared unto him when he fled from the face of his
brother

358 But Deborah Rebekahs nurse died and she was buried beneath
Bethel under an oak and the name of it was called Allonbachuth

359 And God appeared unto Jacob again when he came out of Padanaram
and blessed him

3510 And God said unto him Thy name is Jacob thy name shall not be
called any more Jacob but Israel shall be thy name and he called his
name Israel

3511 And God said unto him I am God Almighty be fruitful and
multiply a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee and
kings shall come out of thy loins 3512 And the land which I gave
Abraham and Isaac to thee I will give it and to thy seed after thee
will I give the land

3513 And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him

3514 And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him
even a pillar of stone and he poured a drink offering thereon and he
poured oil thereon

3515 And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him
Bethel

3516 And they journeyed from Bethel and there was but a little way
to come to Ephrath and Rachel travailed and she had hard labour

3517 And it came to pass when she was in hard labour that the
midwife said unto her Fear not thou shalt have this son also

3518 And it came to pass as her soul was in departing for she
died that she called his name Benoni but his father called him
Benjamin

3519 And Rachel died and was buried in the way to Ephrath which is
Bethlehem

3520 And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave that is the pillar of
Rachels grave unto this day

