the wilderness of Shur and they went three days in the wilderness
and found no water

1523 And when they came to Marah they could not drink of the waters
of Marah for they were bitter therefore the name of it was called
Marah

1524 And the people murmured against Moses saying What shall we
drink  1525 And he cried unto the LORD and the LORD shewed him a
tree which when he had cast into the waters the waters were made
sweet there he made for them a statute and an ordinance and there he
proved them 1526 And said If thou wilt diligently hearken to the
voice of the LORD thy God and wilt do that which is right in his
sight and wilt give ear to his commandments and keep all his
statutes I will put none of these diseases upon thee which I have
brought upon the Egyptians for I am the LORD that healeth thee

1527 And they came to Elim where were twelve wells of water and
threescore and ten palm trees and they encamped there by the waters

161 And they took their journey from Elim and all the congregation
of the children of Israel came unto the wilderness of Sin which is
between Elim and Sinai on the fifteenth day of the second month after
their departing out of the land of Egypt

162 And the whole congregation of the children of Israel murmured
against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness 163 And the children of
Israel said unto them Would to God we had died by the hand of the
LORD in the land of Egypt when we sat by the flesh pots and when we
did eat bread to the full for ye have brought us forth into this
wilderness to kill this whole assembly with hunger

164 Then said the LORD unto Moses Behold I will rain bread from
heaven for you and the people shall go out and gather a certain rate
every day that I may prove them whether they will walk in my law or
no

165 And it shall come to pass that on the sixth day they shall
prepare that which they bring in and it shall be twice as much as
they gather daily

166 And Moses and Aaron said unto all the children of Israel At
even then ye shall know that the LORD hath brought you out from the
land of Egypt 167 And in the morning then ye shall see the glory of
the LORD for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD and
what are we that ye murmur against us  168 And Moses said This
shall be when the LORD shall give you in the evening flesh to eat
and in the morning bread to the full for that the LORD heareth your
murmurings which ye murmur against him and what are we your
murmurings are not against us but against the LORD

169 And Moses spake unto Aaron Say unto all the congregation of the
children of Israel Come near before the LORD for he hath heard your
murmurings

1610 And it came to pass as Aaron spake unto the whole congregation
of the children of Israel that they looked toward the wilderness
and behold the glory of the LORD appeared in the cloud

1611 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 1612 I have heard the
murmurings of the children of Israel speak unto them saying At even
ye shall eat flesh and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread
and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God

1613 And it came to pass that at even the quails came up and
covered the camp and in the morning the dew lay round about the host

1614 And when the dew that lay was gone up behold upon the face of
the wilderness there lay a small round thing as small as the hoar
frost on the ground

1615 And when the children of Israel saw it they said one to
another It is manna for they wist not what it was And Moses said
unto them This is the bread which the LORD hath given you to eat

1616 This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded Gather of it
every man according to his eating an omer for every man according to
the number of your persons take ye every man for them which are in
his tents

1617 And the children of Israel did so and gathered some more some
less

1618 And when they did mete it with an omer he that gathered much
had nothing over and he that gathered little had no lack they
gathered every man according to his eating

1619 And Moses said Let no man leave of it till the morning

1620 Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto Moses but some of them
left of it until the morning and it bred worms and stank and Moses
was wroth with them

1621 And they gathered it every morning every man according to his
eating and when the sun waxed hot it melted

1622 And it came to pass that on the sixth day they gathered twice
as much bread two omers for one man and all the rulers of the
congregation came and told Moses

