purple and scarlet with cherubims of cunning work made he them

369 The length of one curtain was twenty and eight cubits and the
breadth of one curtain four cubits the curtains were all of one size

3610 And he coupled the five curtains one unto another and the other
five curtains he coupled one unto another

3611 And he made loops of blue on the edge of one curtain from the
selvedge in the coupling likewise he made in the uttermost side of
another curtain in the coupling of the second

3612 Fifty loops made he in one curtain and fifty loops made he in
the edge of the curtain which was in the coupling of the second the
loops held one curtain to another

3613 And he made fifty taches of gold and coupled the curtains one
unto another with the taches so it became one tabernacle

3614 And he made curtains of goats hair for the tent over the
tabernacle eleven curtains he made them

3615 The length of one curtain was thirty cubits and four cubits was
the breadth of one curtain the eleven curtains were of one size

3616 And he coupled five curtains by themselves and six curtains by
themselves

3617 And he made fifty loops upon the uttermost edge of the curtain
in the coupling and fifty loops made he upon the edge of the curtain
which coupleth the second

3618 And he made fifty taches of brass to couple the tent together
that it might be one

3619 And he made a covering for the tent of rams skins dyed red and
a covering of badgers skins above that

3620 And he made boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood standing
up

3621 The length of a board was ten cubits and the breadth of a board
one cubit and a half

3622 One board had two tenons equally distant one from another thus
did he make for all the boards of the tabernacle

3623 And he made boards for the tabernacle twenty boards for the
south side southward 3624 And forty sockets of silver he made under
the twenty boards two sockets under one board for his two tenons and
two sockets under another board for his two tenons

3625 And for the other side of the tabernacle which is toward the
north corner he made twenty boards 3626 And their forty sockets of
silver two sockets under one board and two sockets under another
board

3627 And for the sides of the tabernacle westward he made six boards

3628 And two boards made he for the corners of the tabernacle in the
two sides

3629 And they were coupled beneath and coupled together at the head
thereof to one ring thus he did to both of them in both the corners

3630 And there were eight boards and their sockets were sixteen
sockets of silver under every board two sockets

3631 And he made bars of shittim wood five for the boards of the one
side of the tabernacle 3632 And five bars for the boards of the
other side of the tabernacle and five bars for the boards of the
tabernacle for the sides westward

3633 And he made the middle bar to shoot through the boards from the
one end to the other

3634 And he overlaid the boards with gold and made their rings of
gold to be places for the bars and overlaid the bars with gold

3635 And he made a vail of blue and purple and scarlet and fine
twined linen with cherubims made he it of cunning work

3636 And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood and overlaid
them with gold their hooks were of gold and he cast for them four
sockets of silver

3637 And he made an hanging for the tabernacle door of blue and
purple and scarlet and fine twined linen of needlework 3638 And
the five pillars of it with their hooks and he overlaid their
chapiters and their fillets with gold but their five sockets were of
brass

371 And Bezaleel made the ark of shittim wood two cubits and a half
was the length of it and a cubit and a half the breadth of it and a
cubit and a half the height of it 372 And he overlaid it with pure
gold within and without and made a crown of gold to it round about

373 And he cast for it four rings of gold to be set by the four
corners of it even two rings upon the one side of it and two rings
upon the other side of it
