3936 The table and all the vessels thereof and the shewbread 3937
The pure candlestick with the lamps thereof even with the lamps to
be set in order and all the vessels thereof and the oil for light
3938 And the golden altar and the anointing oil and the sweet
incense and the hanging for the tabernacle door 3939 The brasen
altar and his grate of brass his staves and all his vessels the
laver and his foot 3940 The hangings of the court his pillars and
his sockets and the hanging for the court gate his cords and his
pins and all the vessels of the service of the tabernacle for the
tent of the congregation 3941 The cloths of service to do service in
the holy place and the holy garments for Aaron the priest and his
sons garments to minister in the priests office

3942 According to all that the LORD commanded Moses so the children
of Israel made all the work

3943 And Moses did look upon all the work and behold they had done
it as the LORD had commanded even so had they done it and Moses
blessed them

401 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 402 On the first day of
the first month shalt thou set up the tabernacle of the tent of the
congregation

403 And thou shalt put therein the ark of the testimony and cover
the ark with the vail

404 And thou shalt bring in the table and set in order the things
that are to be set in order upon it and thou shalt bring in the
candlestick and light the lamps thereof

405 And thou shalt set the altar of gold for the incense before the
ark of the testimony and put the hanging of the door to the
tabernacle

406 And thou shalt set the altar of the burnt offering before the
door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation

407 And thou shalt set the laver between the tent of the congregation
and the altar and shalt put water therein

408 And thou shalt set up the court round about and hang up the
hanging at the court gate

409 And thou shalt take the anointing oil and anoint the tabernacle
and all that is therein and shalt hallow it and all the vessels
thereof and it shall be holy

4010 And thou shalt anoint the altar of the burnt offering and all
his vessels and sanctify the altar and it shall be an altar most
holy

4011 And thou shalt anoint the laver and his foot and sanctify it

4012 And thou shalt bring Aaron and his sons unto the door of the
tabernacle of the congregation and wash them with water

4013 And thou shalt put upon Aaron the holy garments and anoint him
and sanctify him that he may minister unto me in the priests office

4014 And thou shalt bring his sons and clothe them with coats 4015
And thou shalt anoint them as thou didst anoint their father that
they may minister unto me in the priests office for their anointing
shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their
generations

4016 Thus did Moses according to all that the LORD commanded him so
did he

4017 And it came to pass in the first month in the second year on
the first day of the month that the tabernacle was reared up

4018 And Moses reared up the tabernacle and fastened his sockets
and set up the boards thereof and put in the bars thereof and reared
up his pillars

4019 And he spread abroad the tent over the tabernacle and put the
covering of the tent above upon it as the LORD commanded Moses

4020 And he took and put the testimony into the ark and set the
staves on the ark and put the mercy seat above upon the ark 4021
And he brought the ark into the tabernacle and set up the vail of the
covering and covered the ark of the testimony as the LORD commanded
Moses

4022 And he put the table in the tent of the congregation upon the
side of the tabernacle northward without the vail

4023 And he set the bread in order upon it before the LORD as the
LORD had commanded Moses

4024 And he put the candlestick in the tent of the congregation over
against the table on the side of the tabernacle southward

4025 And he lighted the lamps before the LORD as the LORD commanded
Moses

4026 And he put the golden altar in the tent of the congregation
before the vail 4027 And he burnt sweet incense thereon as the LORD
commanded Moses
