
151 Samuel also said unto Saul The LORD sent me to anoint thee to be
king over his people over Israel now therefore hearken thou unto the
voice of the words of the LORD

152 Thus saith the LORD of hosts I remember that which Amalek did to
Israel how he laid wait for him in the way when he came up from
Egypt

153 Now go and smite Amalek and utterly destroy all that they have
and spare them not but slay both man and woman infant and suckling
ox and sheep camel and ass

154 And Saul gathered the people together and numbered them in
Telaim two hundred thousand footmen and ten thousand men of Judah

155 And Saul came to a city of Amalek and laid wait in the valley

156 And Saul said unto the Kenites Go depart get you down from
among the Amalekites lest I destroy you with them for ye shewed
kindness to all the children of Israel when they came up out of
Egypt So the Kenites departed from among the Amalekites

157 And Saul smote the Amalekites from Havilah until thou comest to
Shur that is over against Egypt

158 And he took Agag the king of the Amalekites alive and utterly
destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword

159 But Saul and the people spared Agag and the best of the sheep
and of the oxen and of the fatlings and the lambs and all that was
good and would not utterly destroy them but every thing that was
vile and refuse that they destroyed utterly

1510 Then came the word of the LORD unto Samuel saying 1511 It
repenteth me that I have set up Saul to be king for he is turned back
from following me and hath not performed my commandments And it
grieved Samuel and he cried unto the LORD all night

1512 And when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning it was
told Samuel saying Saul came to Carmel and behold he set him up a
place and is gone about and passed on and gone down to Gilgal

1513 And Samuel came to Saul and Saul said unto him Blessed be thou
of the LORD I have performed the commandment of the LORD

1514 And Samuel said What meaneth then this bleating of the sheep in
mine ears and the lowing of the oxen which I hear  1515 And Saul
said They have brought them from the Amalekites for the people
spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen to sacrifice unto the
LORD thy God and the rest we have utterly destroyed

1516 Then Samuel said unto Saul Stay and I will tell thee what the
LORD hath said to me this night And he said unto him Say on

1517 And Samuel said When thou wast little in thine own sight wast
thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel and the LORD anointed
thee king over Israel  1518 And the LORD sent thee on a journey and
said Go and utterly destroy the sinners the Amalekites and fight
against them until they be consumed

1519 Wherefore then didst thou not obey the voice of the LORD but
didst fly upon the spoil and didst evil in the sight of the LORD
1520 And Saul said unto Samuel Yea I have obeyed the voice of the
LORD and have gone the way which the LORD sent me and have brought
Agag the king of Amalek and have utterly destroyed the Amalekites

1521 But the people took of the spoil sheep and oxen the chief of
the things which should have been utterly destroyed to sacrifice unto
the LORD thy God in Gilgal

1522 And Samuel said Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt
offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the LORD Behold
to obey is better than sacrifice and to hearken than the fat of rams

1523 For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is
as iniquity and idolatry Because thou hast rejected the word of the
LORD he hath also rejected thee from being king

1524 And Saul said unto Samuel I have sinned for I have
transgressed the commandment of the LORD and thy words because I
feared the people and obeyed their voice

1525 Now therefore I pray thee pardon my sin and turn again with
me that I may worship the LORD

1526 And Samuel said unto Saul I will not return with thee for thou
hast rejected the word of the LORD and the LORD hath rejected thee
from being king over Israel

1527 And as Samuel turned about to go away he laid hold upon the
skirt of his mantle and it rent

1528 And Samuel said unto him The LORD hath rent the kingdom of
Israel from thee this day and hath given it to a neighbour of thine
that is better than thou

1529 And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor repent for he
is not a man that he should repent

