1822 Thou shalt not lie with mankind as with womankind it is
abomination

1823 Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself
therewith neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down
thereto it is confusion

1824 Defile not ye yourselves in any of these things for in all
these the nations are defiled which I cast out before you 1825 And
the land is defiled therefore I do visit the iniquity thereof upon
it and the land itself vomiteth out her inhabitants

1826 Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments and shall
not commit any of these abominations neither any of your own nation
nor any stranger that sojourneth among you 1827 For all these
abominations have the men of the land done which were before you and
the land is defiled 1828 That the land spue not you out also when
ye defile it as it spued out the nations that were before you

1829 For whosoever shall commit any of these abominations even the
souls that commit them shall be cut off from among their people

1830 Therefore shall ye keep mine ordinance that ye commit not any
one of these abominable customs which were committed before you and
that ye defile not yourselves therein I am the LORD your God

191 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 192 Speak unto all the
congregation of the children of Israel and say unto them Ye shall be
holy for I the LORD your God am holy

193 Ye shall fear every man his mother and his father and keep my
sabbaths I am the LORD your God

194 Turn ye not unto idols nor make to yourselves molten gods I am
the LORD your God

195 And if ye offer a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD ye
shall offer it at your own will

196 It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it and on the morrow
and if ought remain until the third day it shall be burnt in the
fire

197 And if it be eaten at all on the third day it is abominable it
shall not be accepted

198 Therefore every one that eateth it shall bear his iniquity
because he hath profaned the hallowed thing of the LORD and that soul
shall be cut off from among his people

199 And when ye reap the harvest of your land thou shalt not wholly
reap the corners of thy field neither shalt thou gather the gleanings
of thy harvest

1910 And thou shalt not glean thy vineyard neither shalt thou gather
every grape of thy vineyard thou shalt leave them for the poor and
stranger I am the LORD your God

1911 Ye shall not steal neither deal falsely neither lie one to
another

1912 And ye shall not swear by my name falsely neither shalt thou
profane the name of thy God I am the LORD

1913 Thou shalt not defraud thy neighbour neither rob him the wages
of him that is hired shall not abide with thee all night until the
morning

1914 Thou shalt not curse the deaf nor put a stumblingblock before
the blind but shalt fear thy God I am the LORD

1915 Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment thou shalt not
respect the person of the poor nor honor the person of the mighty
but in righteousness shalt thou judge thy neighbour

1916 Thou shalt not go up and down as a talebearer among thy people
neither shalt thou stand against the blood of thy neighbour I am the
LORD

1917 Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart thou shalt in
any wise rebuke thy neighbour and not suffer sin upon him

1918 Thou shalt not avenge nor bear any grudge against the children
of thy people but thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself I am the
LORD

1919 Ye shall keep my statutes Thou shalt not let thy cattle gender
with a diverse kind thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed
neither shall a garment mingled of linen and woollen come upon thee

1920 And whosoever lieth carnally with a woman that is a bondmaid
betrothed to an husband and not at all redeemed nor freedom given
her she shall be scourged they shall not be put to death because
she was not free

1921 And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD unto the
door of the tabernacle of the congregation even a ram for a trespass
offering

1922 And the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of
