2223 Either a bullock or a lamb that hath any thing superfluous or
lacking in his parts that mayest thou offer for a freewill offering
but for a vow it shall not be accepted

2224 Ye shall not offer unto the LORD that which is bruised or
crushed or broken or cut neither shall ye make any offering thereof
in your land

2225 Neither from a strangers hand shall ye offer the bread of your
God of any of these because their corruption is in them and
blemishes be in them they shall not be accepted for you

2226 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 2227 When a bullock or
a sheep or a goat is brought forth then it shall be seven days
under the dam and from the eighth day and thenceforth it shall be
accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD

2228 And whether it be cow or ewe ye shall not kill it and her
young both in one day

2229 And when ye will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving unto the
LORD offer it at your own will

2230 On the same day it shall be eaten up ye shall leave none of it
until the morrow I am the LORD

2231 Therefore shall ye keep my commandments and do them I am the
LORD

2232 Neither shall ye profane my holy name but I will be hallowed
among the children of Israel I am the LORD which hallow you 2233
That brought you out of the land of Egypt to be your God I am the
LORD

231 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 232 Speak unto the
children of Israel and say unto them Concerning the feasts of the
LORD which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations even these are
my feasts

233 Six days shall work be done but the seventh day is the sabbath
of rest an holy convocation ye shall do no work therein it is the
sabbath of the LORD in all your dwellings

234 These are the feasts of the LORD even holy convocations which
ye shall proclaim in their seasons

235 In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is the LORDs
passover

236 And on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of
unleavened bread unto the LORD seven days ye must eat unleavened
bread

237 In the first day ye shall have an holy convocation ye shall do
no servile work therein

238 But ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD seven
days in the seventh day is an holy convocation ye shall do no
servile work therein

239 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 2310 Speak unto the
children of Israel and say unto them When ye be come into the land
which I give unto you and shall reap the harvest thereof then ye
shall bring a sheaf of the firstfruits of your harvest unto the
priest 2311 And he shall wave the sheaf before the LORD to be
accepted for you on the morrow after the sabbath the priest shall
wave it

2312 And ye shall offer that day when ye wave the sheaf an he lamb
without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto the LORD

2313 And the meat offering thereof shall be two tenth deals of fine
flour mingled with oil an offering made by fire unto the LORD for a
sweet savour and the drink offering thereof shall be of wine the
fourth part of an hin

2314 And ye shall eat neither bread nor parched corn nor green
ears until the selfsame day that ye have brought an offering unto
your God it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations
in all your dwellings

2315 And ye shall count unto you from the morrow after the sabbath
from the day that ye brought the sheaf of the wave offering seven
sabbaths shall be complete 2316 Even unto the morrow after the
seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days and ye shall offer a new
meat offering unto the LORD

2317 Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two
tenth deals they shall be of fine flour they shall be baken with
leaven they are the firstfruits unto the LORD

2318 And ye shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of
the first year and one young bullock and two rams they shall be for
a burnt offering unto the LORD with their meat offering and their
drink offerings even an offering made by fire of sweet savour unto
the LORD

2319 Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin offering
and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace offerings

