forth to war 129 Those that were numbered of them even of the tribe
of Issachar were fifty and four thousand and four hundred

130 Of the children of Zebulun by their generations after their
families by the house of their fathers according to the number of
the names from twenty years old and upward all that were able to go
forth to war 131 Those that were numbered of them even of the tribe
of Zebulun were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred

132 Of the children of Joseph namely of the children of Ephraim by
their generations after their families by the house of their
fathers according to the number of the names from twenty years old
and upward all that were able to go forth to war 133 Those that
were numbered of them even of the tribe of Ephraim were forty
thousand and five hundred

134 Of the children of Manasseh by their generations after their
families by the house of their fathers according to the number of
the names from twenty years old and upward all that were able to go
forth to war 135 Those that were numbered of them even of the tribe
of Manasseh were thirty and two thousand and two hundred

136 Of the children of Benjamin by their generations after their
families by the house of their fathers according to the number of
the names from twenty years old and upward all that were able to go
forth to war 137 Those that were numbered of them even of the tribe
of Benjamin were thirty and five thousand and four hundred

138 Of the children of Dan by their generations after their
families by the house of their fathers according to the number of
the names from twenty years old and upward all that were able to go
forth to war 139 Those that were numbered of them even of the tribe
of Dan were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred

140 Of the children of Asher by their generations after their
families by the house of their fathers according to the number of
the names from twenty years old and upward all that were able to go
forth to war 141 Those that were numbered of them even of the tribe
of Asher were forty and one thousand and five hundred

142 Of the children of Naphtali throughout their generations after
their families by the house of their fathers according to the number
of the names from twenty years old and upward all that were able to
go forth to war 143 Those that were numbered of them even of the
tribe of Naphtali were fifty and three thousand and four hundred

144 These are those that were numbered which Moses and Aaron
numbered and the princes of Israel being twelve men each one was
for the house of his fathers

145 So were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel
by the house of their fathers from twenty years old and upward all
that were able to go forth to war in Israel 146 Even all they that
were numbered were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five
hundred and fifty

147 But the Levites after the tribe of their fathers were not
numbered among them

148 For the LORD had spoken unto Moses saying 149 Only thou shalt
not number the tribe of Levi neither take the sum of them among the
children of Israel 150 But thou shalt appoint the Levites over the
tabernacle of testimony and over all the vessels thereof and over
all things that belong to it they shall bear the tabernacle and all
the vessels thereof and they shall minister unto it and shall encamp
round about the tabernacle

151 And when the tabernacle setteth forward the Levites shall take
it down and when the tabernacle is to be pitched the Levites shall
set it up and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death

152 And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents every man by
his own camp and every man by his own standard throughout their
hosts

153 But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of
testimony that there be no wrath upon the congregation of the
children of Israel and the Levites shall keep the charge of the
tabernacle of testimony

154 And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD
commanded Moses so did they

21 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying 22 Every
man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard with
the ensign of their fathers house far off about the tabernacle of
the congregation shall they pitch

23 And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of
the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies and
Nahshon the son of Amminadab shall be captain of the children of
Judah

24 And his host and those that were numbered of them were
threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred

25 And those that do pitch next unto him shall be the tribe of
Issachar and Nethaneel the son of Zuar shall be captain of the
children of Issachar

