even unto Gath and unto Ekron

1753 And the children of Israel returned from chasing after the
Philistines and they spoiled their tents

1754 And David took the head of the Philistine and brought it to
Jerusalem but he put his armour in his tent

1755 And when Saul saw David go forth against the Philistine he said
unto Abner the captain of the host Abner whose son is this youth
And Abner said As thy soul liveth O king I cannot tell

1756 And the king said Enquire thou whose son the stripling is

1757 And as David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine
Abner took him and brought him before Saul with the head of the
Philistine in his hand

1758 And Saul said to him Whose son art thou thou young man And
David answered I am the son of thy servant Jesse the Bethlehemite

181 And it came to pass when he had made an end of speaking unto
Saul that the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David and
Jonathan loved him as his own soul

182 And Saul took him that day and would let him go no more home to
his fathers house

183 Then Jonathan and David made a covenant because he loved him as
his own soul

184 And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him and
gave it to David and his garments even to his sword and to his bow
and to his girdle

185 And David went out whithersoever Saul sent him and behaved
himself wisely and Saul set him over the men of war and he was
accepted in the sight of all the people and also in the sight of
Sauls servants

186 And it came to pass as they came when David was returned from
the slaughter of the Philistine that the women came out of all cities
of Israel singing and dancing to meet king Saul with tabrets with
joy and with instruments of musick

187 And the women answered one another as they played and said Saul
hath slain his thousands and David his ten thousands

188 And Saul was very wroth and the saying displeased him and he
said They have ascribed unto David ten thousands and to me they have
ascribed but thousands and what can he have more but the kingdom
189 And Saul eyed David from that day and forward

1810 And it came to pass on the morrow that the evil spirit from God
came upon Saul and he prophesied in the midst of the house and David
played with his hand as at other times and there was a javelin in
Sauls hand

1811 And Saul cast the javelin for he said I will smite David even
to the wall with it And David avoided out of his presence twice

1812 And Saul was afraid of David because the LORD was with him and
was departed from Saul

1813 Therefore Saul removed him from him and made him his captain
over a thousand and he went out and came in before the people

1814 And David behaved himself wisely in all his ways and the LORD
was with him

1815 Wherefore when Saul saw that he behaved himself very wisely he
was afraid of him

1816 But all Israel and Judah loved David because he went out and
came in before them

1817 And Saul said to David Behold my elder daughter Merab her will
I give thee to wife only be thou valiant for me and fight the LORDs
battles

For Saul said Let not mine hand be upon him but let the hand of the
Philistines be upon him

1818 And David said unto Saul Who am I and what is my life or my
fathers family in Israel that I should be son in law to the king
1819 But it came to pass at the time when Merab Sauls daughter
should have been given to David that she was given unto Adriel the
Meholathite to wife

1820 And Michal Sauls daughter loved David and they told Saul and
the thing pleased him

1821 And Saul said I will give him her that she may be a snare to
him and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him
Wherefore Saul said to David Thou shalt this day be my son in law in
the one of the twain

1822 And Saul commanded his servants saying Commune with David
secretly and say Behold the king hath delight in thee and all his
servants love thee now therefore be the kings son in law
