Seir unto Kadeshbarnea  13 And it came to pass in the fortieth
year in the eleventh month on the first day of the month that Moses
spake unto the children of Israel according unto all that the LORD
had given him in commandment unto them 14 After he had slain Sihon
the king of the Amorites which dwelt in Heshbon and Og the king of
Bashan which dwelt at Astaroth in Edrei 15 On this side Jordan in
the land of Moab began Moses to declare this law saying 16 The
LORD our God spake unto us in Horeb saying Ye have dwelt long enough
in this mount 17 Turn you and take your journey and go to the
mount of the Amorites and unto all the places nigh thereunto in the
plain in the hills and in the vale and in the south and by the sea
side to the land of the Canaanites and unto Lebanon unto the great
river the river Euphrates

18 Behold I have set the land before you go in and possess the land
which the LORD sware unto your fathers Abraham Isaac and Jacob to
give unto them and to their seed after them

19 And I spake unto you at that time saying I am not able to bear
you myself alone 110 The LORD your God hath multiplied you and
behold ye are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude

111 The LORD God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many
more as ye are and bless you as he hath promised you  112 How can
I myself alone bear your cumbrance and your burden and your strife
113 Take you wise men and understanding and known among your
tribes and I will make them rulers over you

114 And ye answered me and said The thing which thou hast spoken is
good for us to do

115 So I took the chief of your tribes wise men and known and made
them heads over you captains over thousands and captains over
hundreds and captains over fifties and captains over tens and
officers among your tribes

116 And I charged your judges at that time saying Hear the causes
between your brethren and judge righteously between every man and his
brother and the stranger that is with him

117 Ye shall not respect persons in judgment but ye shall hear the
small as well as the great ye shall not be afraid of the face of man
for the judgment is Gods and the cause that is too hard for you
bring it unto me and I will hear it

118 And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should
do

119 And when we departed from Horeb we went through all that great
and terrible wilderness which ye saw by the way of the mountain of
the Amorites as the LORD our God commanded us and we came to
Kadeshbarnea

120 And I said unto you Ye are come unto the mountain of the
Amorites which the LORD our God doth give unto us

121 Behold the LORD thy God hath set the land before thee go up and
possess it as the LORD God of thy fathers hath said unto thee fear
not neither be discouraged

122 And ye came near unto me every one of you and said We will send
men before us and they shall search us out the land and bring us
word again by what way we must go up and into what cities we shall
come

123 And the saying pleased me well and I took twelve men of you one
of a tribe 124 And they turned and went up into the mountain and
came unto the valley of Eshcol and searched it out

125 And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands and
brought it down unto us and brought us word again and said It is a
good land which the LORD our God doth give us

126 Notwithstanding ye would not go up but rebelled against the
commandment of the LORD your God 127 And ye murmured in your tents
and said Because the LORD hated us he hath brought us forth out of
the land of Egypt to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites to
destroy us

128 Whither shall we go up our brethren have discouraged our heart
saying The people is greater and taller than we the cities are great
and walled up to heaven and moreover we have seen the sons of the
Anakims there

129 Then I said unto you Dread not neither be afraid of them

130 The LORD your God which goeth before you he shall fight for you
according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes 131
And in the wilderness where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God
bare thee as a man doth bear his son in all the way that ye went
until ye came into this place

132 Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God 133 Who
went in the way before you to search you out a place to pitch your
tents in in fire by night to shew you by what way ye should go and
in a cloud by day

134 And the LORD heard the voice of your words and was wroth and
sware saying 135 Surely there shall not one of these men of this
evil generation see that good land which I sware to give unto your
