
2027 And it came to pass on the morrow which was the second day of
the month that Davids place was empty and Saul said unto Jonathan
his son Wherefore cometh not the son of Jesse to meat neither
yesterday nor to day  2028 And Jonathan answered Saul David
earnestly asked leave of me to go to Bethlehem 2029 And he said Let
me go I pray thee for our family hath a sacrifice in the city and
my brother he hath commanded me to be there and now if I have found
favour in thine eyes let me get away I pray thee and see my
brethren Therefore he cometh not unto the kings table

2030 Then Sauls anger was kindled against Jonathan and he said unto
him Thou son of the perverse rebellious woman do not I know that
thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion and unto the
confusion of thy mothers nakedness  2031 For as long as the son of
Jesse liveth upon the ground thou shalt not be established nor thy
kingdom Wherefore now send and fetch him unto me for he shall surely
die

2032 And Jonathan answered Saul his father and said unto him
Wherefore shall he be slain what hath he done  2033 And Saul cast a
javelin at him to smite him whereby Jonathan knew that it was
determined of his father to slay David

2034 So Jonathan arose from the table in fierce anger and did eat no
meat the second day of the month for he was grieved for David
because his father had done him shame

2035 And it came to pass in the morning that Jonathan went out into
the field at the time appointed with David and a little lad with him

2036 And he said unto his lad Run find out now the arrows which I
shoot And as the lad ran he shot an arrow beyond him

2037 And when the lad was come to the place of the arrow which
Jonathan had shot Jonathan cried after the lad and said Is not the
arrow beyond thee  2038 And Jonathan cried after the lad Make
speed haste stay not And Jonathans lad gathered up the arrows and
came to his master

2039 But the lad knew not any thing only Jonathan and David knew the
matter

2040 And Jonathan gave his artillery unto his lad and said unto him
Go carry them to the city

2041 And as soon as the lad was gone David arose out of a place
toward the south and fell on his face to the ground and bowed
himself three times and they kissed one another and wept one with
another until David exceeded

2042 And Jonathan said to David Go in peace forasmuch as we have
sworn both of us in the name of the LORD saying The LORD be between
me and thee and between my seed and thy seed for ever And he arose
and departed and Jonathan went into the city

211 Then came David to Nob to Ahimelech the priest and Ahimelech was
afraid at the meeting of David and said unto him Why art thou alone
and no man with thee  212 And David said unto Ahimelech the priest
The king hath commanded me a business and hath said unto me Let no
man know any thing of the business whereabout I send thee and what I
have commanded thee and I have appointed my servants to such and such
a place

213 Now therefore what is under thine hand give me five loaves of
bread in mine hand or what there is present

214 And the priest answered David and said There is no common bread
under mine hand but there is hallowed bread if the young men have
kept themselves at least from women

215 And David answered the priest and said unto him Of a truth
women have been kept from us about these three days since I came out
and the vessels of the young men are holy and the bread is in a
manner common yea though it were sanctified this day in the vessel

216 So the priest gave him hallowed bread for there was no bread
there but the shewbread that was taken from before the LORD to put
hot bread in the day when it was taken away

217 Now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day
detained before the LORD and his name was Doeg an Edomite the
chiefest of the herdmen that belonged to Saul

218 And David said unto Ahimelech And is there not here under thine
hand spear or sword for I have neither brought my sword nor my
weapons with me because the kings business required haste

219 And the priest said The sword of Goliath the Philistine whom
thou slewest in the valley of Elah behold it is here wrapped in a
cloth behind the ephod if thou wilt take that take it for there is
no other save that here And David said There is none like that give
it me

2110 And David arose and fled that day for fear of Saul and went to
Achish the king of Gath

2111 And the servants of Achish said unto him Is not this David the
king of the land did they not sing one to another of him in dances
saying Saul hath slain his thousands and David his ten thousands
