all Bashan which was called the land of giants

314 Jair the son of Manasseh took all the country of Argob unto the
coasts of Geshuri and Maachathi and called them after his own name
Bashanhavothjair unto this day

315 And I gave Gilead unto Machir

316 And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from Gilead
even unto the river Arnon half the valley and the border even unto
the river Jabbok which is the border of the children of Ammon 317
The plain also and Jordan and the coast thereof from Chinnereth
even unto the sea of the plain even the salt sea under Ashdothpisgah
eastward

318 And I commanded you at that time saying The LORD your God hath
given you this land to possess it ye shall pass over armed before
your brethren the children of Israel all that are meet for the war

319 But your wives and your little ones and your cattle for I
know that ye have much cattle shall abide in your cities which I
have given you 320 Until the LORD have given rest unto your
brethren as well as unto you and until they also possess the land
which the LORD your God hath given them beyond Jordan and then shall
ye return every man unto his possession which I have given you

321 And I commanded Joshua at that time saying Thine eyes have seen
all that the LORD your God hath done unto these two kings so shall
the LORD do unto all the kingdoms whither thou passest

322 Ye shall not fear them for the LORD your God he shall fight for
you

323 And I besought the LORD at that time saying 324 O Lord GOD
thou hast begun to shew thy servant thy greatness and thy mighty
hand for what God is there in heaven or in earth that can do
according to thy works and according to thy might  325 I pray thee
let me go over and see the good land that is beyond Jordan that
goodly mountain and Lebanon

326 But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes and would not hear
me and the LORD said unto me Let it suffice thee speak no more unto
me of this matter

327 Get thee up into the top of Pisgah and lift up thine eyes
westward and northward and southward and eastward and behold it
with thine eyes for thou shalt not go over this Jordan

328 But charge Joshua and encourage him and strengthen him for he
shall go over before this people and he shall cause them to inherit
the land which thou shalt see

329 So we abode in the valley over against Bethpeor

41 Now therefore hearken O Israel unto the statutes and unto the
judgments which I teach you for to do them that ye may live and go
in and possess the land which the LORD God of your fathers giveth you

42 Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you neither shall
ye diminish ought from it that ye may keep the commandments of the
LORD your God which I command you

43 Your eyes have seen what the LORD did because of Baalpeor for all
the men that followed Baalpeor the LORD thy God hath destroyed them
from among you

44 But ye that did cleave unto the LORD your God are alive every one
of you this day

45 Behold I have taught you statutes and judgments even as the LORD
my God commanded me that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to
possess it

46 Keep therefore and do them for this is your wisdom and your
understanding in the sight of the nations which shall hear all these
statutes and say Surely this great nation is a wise and
understanding people

47 For what nation is there so great who hath God so nigh unto them
as the LORD our God is in all things that we call upon him for  48
And what nation is there so great that hath statutes and judgments so
righteous as all this law which I set before you this day  49 Only
take heed to thyself and keep thy soul diligently lest thou forget
the things which thine eyes have seen and lest they depart from thy
heart all the days of thy life but teach them thy sons and thy sons
sons 410 Specially the day that thou stoodest before the LORD thy
God in Horeb when the LORD said unto me Gather me the people
together and I will make them hear my words that they may learn to
fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth and that
they may teach their children

411 And ye came near and stood under the mountain and the mountain
burned with fire unto the midst of heaven with darkness clouds and
thick darkness

412 And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire ye
heard the voice of the words but saw no similitude only ye heard a
voice

413 And he declared unto you his covenant which he commanded you to
