thine with thy brother thine hand shall release 154 Save when there
shall be no poor among you for the LORD shall greatly bless thee in
the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to
possess it 155 Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the
LORD thy God to observe to do all these commandments which I command
thee this day

156 For the LORD thy God blesseth thee as he promised thee and thou
shalt lend unto many nations but thou shalt not borrow and thou
shalt reign over many nations but they shall not reign over thee

157 If there be among you a poor man of one of thy brethren within
any of thy gates in thy land which the LORD thy God giveth thee thou
shalt not harden thine heart nor shut thine hand from thy poor
brother 158 But thou shalt open thine hand wide unto him and shalt
surely lend him sufficient for his need in that which he wanteth

159 Beware that there be not a thought in thy wicked heart saying
The seventh year the year of release is at hand and thine eye be
evil against thy poor brother and thou givest him nought and he cry
unto the LORD against thee and it be sin unto thee

1510 Thou shalt surely give him and thine heart shall not be grieved
when thou givest unto him because that for this thing the LORD thy
God shall bless thee in all thy works and in all that thou puttest
thine hand unto

1511 For the poor shall never cease out of the land therefore I
command thee saying Thou shalt open thine hand wide unto thy
brother to thy poor and to thy needy in thy land

1512 And if thy brother an Hebrew man or an Hebrew woman be sold
unto thee and serve thee six years then in the seventh year thou
shalt let him go free from thee

1513 And when thou sendest him out free from thee thou shalt not let
him go away empty 1514 Thou shalt furnish him liberally out of thy
flock and out of thy floor and out of thy winepress of that
wherewith the LORD thy God hath blessed thee thou shalt give unto him

1515 And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of
Egypt and the LORD thy God redeemed thee therefore I command thee
this thing to day

1516 And it shall be if he say unto thee I will not go away from
thee because he loveth thee and thine house because he is well with
thee 1517 Then thou shalt take an aul and thrust it through his ear
unto the door and he shall be thy servant for ever And also unto thy
maidservant thou shalt do likewise

1518 It shall not seem hard unto thee when thou sendest him away
free from thee for he hath been worth a double hired servant to thee
in serving thee six years and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in
all that thou doest

1519 All the firstling males that come of thy herd and of thy flock
thou shalt sanctify unto the LORD thy God thou shalt do no work with
the firstling of thy bullock nor shear the firstling of thy sheep

1520 Thou shalt eat it before the LORD thy God year by year in the
place which the LORD shall choose thou and thy household

1521 And if there be any blemish therein as if it be lame or blind
or have any ill blemish thou shalt not sacrifice it unto the LORD thy
God

1522 Thou shalt eat it within thy gates the unclean and the clean
person shall eat it alike as the roebuck and as the hart

1523 Only thou shalt not eat the blood thereof thou shalt pour it
upon the ground as water

161 Observe the month of Abib and keep the passover unto the LORD
thy God for in the month of Abib the LORD thy God brought thee forth
out of Egypt by night

162 Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the passover unto the LORD thy
God of the flock and the herd in the place which the LORD shall
choose to place his name there

163 Thou shalt eat no leavened bread with it seven days shalt thou
eat unleavened bread therewith even the bread of affliction for thou
camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste that thou mayest
remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all
the days of thy life

164 And there shall be no leavened bread seen with thee in all thy
coast seven days neither shall there any thing of the flesh which
thou sacrificedst the first day at even remain all night until the
morning

165 Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any of thy gates
which the LORD thy God giveth thee 166 But at the place which the
LORD thy God shall choose to place his name in there thou shalt
sacrifice the passover at even at the going down of the sun at the
season that thou camest forth out of Egypt

167 And thou shalt roast and eat it in the place which the LORD thy
God shall choose and thou shalt turn in the morning and go unto thy
tents
