LORD thy God as he hath spoken

271 And Moses with the elders of Israel commanded the people saying
Keep all the commandments which I command you this day

272 And it shall be on the day when ye shall pass over Jordan unto
the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee that thou shalt set thee
up great stones and plaister them with plaister 273 And thou shalt
write upon them all the words of this law when thou art passed over
that thou mayest go in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth
thee a land that floweth with milk and honey as the LORD God of thy
fathers hath promised thee

274 Therefore it shall be when ye be gone over Jordan that ye shall
set up these stones which I command you this day in mount Ebal and
thou shalt plaister them with plaister

275 And there shalt thou build an altar unto the LORD thy God an
altar of stones thou shalt not lift up any iron tool upon them

276 Thou shalt build the altar of the LORD thy God of whole stones
and thou shalt offer burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD thy God
277 And thou shalt offer peace offerings and shalt eat there and
rejoice before the LORD thy God

278 And thou shalt write upon the stones all the words of this law
very plainly

279 And Moses and the priests the Levites spake unto all Israel
saying Take heed and hearken O Israel this day thou art become the
people of the LORD thy God

2710 Thou shalt therefore obey the voice of the LORD thy God and do
his commandments and his statutes which I command thee this day

2711 And Moses charged the people the same day saying 2712 These
shall stand upon mount Gerizim to bless the people when ye are come
over Jordan Simeon and Levi and Judah and Issachar and Joseph
and Benjamin 2713 And these shall stand upon mount Ebal to curse
Reuben Gad and Asher and Zebulun Dan and Naphtali

2714 And the Levites shall speak and say unto all the men of Israel
with a loud voice 2715 Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or
molten image an abomination unto the LORD the work of the hands of
the craftsman and putteth it in a secret place And all the people
shall answer and say Amen

2716 Cursed be he that setteth light by his father or his mother And
all the people shall say Amen

2717 Cursed be he that removeth his neighbours landmark And all the
people shall say Amen

2718 Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way And
all the people shall say Amen

2719 Cursed be he that perverteth the judgment of the stranger
fatherless and widow And all the people shall say Amen

2720 Cursed be he that lieth with his fathers wife because he
uncovereth his fathers skirt And all the people shall say Amen

2721 Cursed be he that lieth with any manner of beast And all the
people shall say Amen

2722 Cursed be he that lieth with his sister the daughter of his
father or the daughter of his mother And all the people shall say
Amen

2723 Cursed be he that lieth with his mother in law And all the
people shall say Amen

2724 Cursed be he that smiteth his neighbour secretly And all the
people shall say Amen

2725 Cursed be he that taketh reward to slay an innocent person And
all the people shall say Amen

2726 Cursed be he that confirmeth not all the words of this law to do
them And all the people shall say Amen

281 And it shall come to pass if thou shalt hearken diligently unto
the voice of the LORD thy God to observe and to do all his
commandments which I command thee this day that the LORD thy God will
set thee on high above all nations of the earth 282 And all these
blessings shall come on thee and overtake thee if thou shalt hearken
unto the voice of the LORD thy God

283 Blessed shalt thou be in the city and blessed shalt thou be in
the field

284 Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body and the fruit of thy
ground and the fruit of thy cattle the increase of thy kine and the
flocks of thy sheep

285 Blessed shall be thy basket and thy store

286 Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in and blessed shalt thou
be when thou goest out

