287 The LORD shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to
be smitten before thy face they shall come out against thee one way
and flee before thee seven ways

288 The LORD shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses
and in all that thou settest thine hand unto and he shall bless thee
in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee

289 The LORD shall establish thee an holy people unto himself as he
hath sworn unto thee if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD
thy God and walk in his ways

2810 And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by
the name of the LORD and they shall be afraid of thee

2811 And the LORD shall make thee plenteous in goods in the fruit of
thy body and in the fruit of thy cattle and in the fruit of thy
ground in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers to give
thee

2812 The LORD shall open unto thee his good treasure the heaven to
give the rain unto thy land in his season and to bless all the work
of thine hand and thou shalt lend unto many nations and thou shalt
not borrow

2813 And the LORD shall make thee the head and not the tail and
thou shalt be above only and thou shalt not be beneath if that thou
hearken unto the commandments of the LORD thy God which I command
thee this day to observe and to do them 2814 And thou shalt not go
aside from any of the words which I command thee this day to the
right hand or to the left to go after other gods to serve them

2815 But it shall come to pass if thou wilt not hearken unto the
voice of the LORD thy God to observe to do all his commandments and
his statutes which I command thee this day that all these curses
shall come upon thee and overtake thee 2816 Cursed shalt thou be in
the city and cursed shalt thou be in the field

2817 Cursed shall be thy basket and thy store

2818 Cursed shall be the fruit of thy body and the fruit of thy
land the increase of thy kine and the flocks of thy sheep

2819 Cursed shalt thou be when thou comest in and cursed shalt thou
be when thou goest out

2820 The LORD shall send upon thee cursing vexation and rebuke in
all that thou settest thine hand unto for to do until thou be
destroyed and until thou perish quickly because of the wickedness of
thy doings whereby thou hast forsaken me

2821 The LORD shall make the pestilence cleave unto thee until he
have consumed thee from off the land whither thou goest to possess
it

2822 The LORD shall smite thee with a consumption and with a fever
and with an inflammation and with an extreme burning and with the
sword and with blasting and with mildew and they shall pursue thee
until thou perish

2823 And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass and the
earth that is under thee shall be iron

2824 The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust from
heaven shall it come down upon thee until thou be destroyed

2825 The LORD shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies
thou shalt go out one way against them and flee seven ways before
them and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth

2826 And thy carcase shall be meat unto all fowls of the air and
unto the beasts of the earth and no man shall fray them away

2827 The LORD will smite thee with the botch of Egypt and with the
emerods and with the scab and with the itch whereof thou canst not
be healed

2828 The LORD shall smite thee with madness and blindness and
astonishment of heart 2829 And thou shalt grope at noonday as the
blind gropeth in darkness and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways and
thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore and no man shall
save thee

2830 Thou shalt betroth a wife and another man shall lie with her
thou shalt build an house and thou shalt not dwell therein thou
shalt plant a vineyard and shalt not gather the grapes thereof

2831 Thine ox shall be slain before thine eyes and thou shalt not
eat thereof thine ass shall be violently taken away from before thy
face and shall not be restored to thee thy sheep shall be given unto
thine enemies and thou shalt have none to rescue them

2832 Thy sons and thy daughters shall be given unto another people
and thine eyes shall look and fail with longing for them all the day
long and there shall be no might in thine hand

2833 The fruit of thy land and all thy labours shall a nation which
thou knowest not eat up and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed
alway 2834 So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes
which thou shalt see
