feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance and thy childrens for
ever because thou hast wholly followed the LORD my God

1410 And now behold the LORD hath kept me alive as he said these
forty and five years even since the LORD spake this word unto Moses
while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness and now lo
I am this day fourscore and five years old

1411 As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses
sent me as my strength was then even so is my strength now for war
both to go out and to come in

1412 Now therefore give me this mountain whereof the LORD spake in
that day for thou heardest in that day how the Anakims were there
and that the cities were great and fenced if so be the LORD will be
with me then I shall be able to drive them out as the LORD said

1413 And Joshua blessed him and gave unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh
Hebron for an inheritance

1414 Hebron therefore became the inheritance of Caleb the son of
Jephunneh the Kenezite unto this day because that he wholly followed
the LORD God of Israel

1415 And the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba which Arba was a
great man among the Anakims And the land had rest from war

151 This then was the lot of the tribe of the children of Judah by
their families even to the border of Edom the wilderness of Zin
southward was the uttermost part of the south coast

152 And their south border was from the shore of the salt sea from
the bay that looketh southward 153 And it went out to the south side
to Maalehacrabbim and passed along to Zin and ascended up on the
south side unto Kadeshbarnea and passed along to Hezron and went up
to Adar and fetched a compass to Karkaa 154 From thence it passed
toward Azmon and went out unto the river of Egypt and the goings out
of that coast were at the sea this shall be your south coast

155 And the east border was the salt sea even unto the end of
Jordan

And their border in the north quarter was from the bay of the sea at
the uttermost part of Jordan 156 And the border went up to
Bethhogla and passed along by the north of Betharabah and the border
went up to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben 157 And the border
went up toward Debir from the valley of Achor and so northward
looking toward Gilgal that is before the going up to Adummim which
is on the south side of the river and the border passed toward the
waters of Enshemesh and the goings out thereof were at Enrogel 158
And the border went up by the valley of the son of Hinnom unto the
south side of the Jebusite the same is Jerusalem and the border went
up to the top of the mountain that lieth before the valley of Hinnom
westward which is at the end of the valley of the giants northward
159 And the border was drawn from the top of the hill unto the
fountain of the water of Nephtoah and went out to the cities of mount
Ephron and the border was drawn to Baalah which is Kirjathjearim
1510 And the border compassed from Baalah westward unto mount Seir
and passed along unto the side of mount Jearim which is Chesalon on
the north side and went down to Bethshemesh and passed on to Timnah
1511 And the border went out unto the side of Ekron northward and
the border was drawn to Shicron and passed along to mount Baalah and
went out unto Jabneel and the goings out of the border were at the
sea

1512 And the west border was to the great sea and the coast thereof

This is the coast of the children of Judah round about according to
their families

1513 And unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the
children of Judah according to the commandment of the LORD to Joshua
even the city of Arba the father of Anak which city is Hebron

1514 And Caleb drove thence the three sons of Anak Sheshai and
Ahiman and Talmai the children of Anak

1515 And he went up thence to the inhabitants of Debir and the name
of Debir before was Kirjathsepher

1516 And Caleb said He that smiteth Kirjathsepher and taketh it to
him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife

1517 And Othniel the son of Kenaz the brother of Caleb took it and
he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife

1518 And it came to pass as she came unto him that she moved him to
ask of her father a field and she lighted off her ass and Caleb said
unto her What wouldest thou  1519 Who answered Give me a blessing
for thou hast given me a south land give me also springs of water
And he gave her the upper springs and the nether springs

1520 This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Judah
according to their families

1521 And the uttermost cities of the tribe of the children of Judah
toward the coast of Edom southward were Kabzeel and Eder and Jagur
1522 And Kinah and Dimonah and Adadah 1523 And Kedesh and Hazor
and Ithnan 1524 Ziph and Telem and Bealoth 1525 And Hazor
Hadattah and Kerioth and Hezron which is Hazor 1526 Amam and
