beside the chains that were about their camels necks

827 And Gideon made an ephod thereof and put it in his city even in
Ophrah and all Israel went thither a whoring after it which thing
became a snare unto Gideon and to his house

828 Thus was Midian subdued before the children of Israel so that
they lifted up their heads no more And the country was in quietness
forty years in the days of Gideon

829 And Jerubbaal the son of Joash went and dwelt in his own house

830 And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten for
he had many wives

831 And his concubine that was in Shechem she also bare him a son
whose name he called Abimelech

832 And Gideon the son of Joash died in a good old age and was
buried in the sepulchre of Joash his father in Ophrah of the
Abiezrites

833 And it came to pass as soon as Gideon was dead that the
children of Israel turned again and went a whoring after Baalim and
made Baalberith their god

834 And the children of Israel remembered not the LORD their God who
had delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every
side 835 Neither shewed they kindness to the house of Jerubbaal
namely Gideon according to all the goodness which he had shewed unto
Israel

91 And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his
mothers brethren and communed with them and with all the family of
the house of his mothers father saying 92 Speak I pray you in
the ears of all the men of Shechem Whether is better for you either
that all the sons of Jerubbaal which are threescore and ten persons
reign over you or that one reign over you remember also that I am
your bone and your flesh

93 And his mothers brethren spake of him in the ears of all the men
of Shechem all these words and their hearts inclined to follow
Abimelech for they said He is our brother

94 And they gave him threescore and ten pieces of silver out of the
house of Baalberith wherewith Abimelech hired vain and light persons
which followed him

95 And he went unto his fathers house at Ophrah and slew his
brethren the sons of Jerubbaal being threescore and ten persons upon
one stone notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal
was left for he hid himself

96 And all the men of Shechem gathered together and all the house of
Millo and went and made Abimelech king by the plain of the pillar
that was in Shechem

97 And when they told it to Jotham he went and stood in the top of
mount Gerizim and lifted up his voice and cried and said unto them
Hearken unto me ye men of Shechem that God may hearken unto you

98 The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them and
they said unto the olive tree Reign thou over us

99 But the olive tree said unto them Should I leave my fatness
wherewith by me they honour God and man and go to be promoted over
the trees  910 And the trees said to the fig tree Come thou and
reign over us

911 But the fig tree said unto them Should I forsake my sweetness
and my good fruit and go to be promoted over the trees  912 Then
said the trees unto the vine Come thou and reign over us

913 And the vine said unto them Should I leave my wine which
cheereth God and man and go to be promoted over the trees  914 Then
said all the trees unto the bramble Come thou and reign over us

915 And the bramble said unto the trees If in truth ye anoint me
king over you then come and put your trust in my shadow and if not
let fire come out of the bramble and devour the cedars of Lebanon

916 Now therefore if ye have done truly and sincerely in that ye
have made Abimelech king and if ye have dealt well with Jerubbaal and
his house and have done unto him according to the deserving of his
hands 917 For my father fought for you and adventured his life
far and delivered you out of the hand of Midian 918 And ye are
risen up against my fathers house this day and have slain his sons
threescore and ten persons upon one stone and have made Abimelech
the son of his maidservant king over the men of Shechem because he
is your brother 919 If ye then have dealt truly and sincerely with
Jerubbaal and with his house this day then rejoice ye in Abimelech
and let him also rejoice in you 920 But if not let fire come out
from Abimelech and devour the men of Shechem and the house of Millo
and let fire come out from the men of Shechem and from the house of
Millo and devour Abimelech

921 And Jotham ran away and fled and went to Beer and dwelt there
for fear of Abimelech his brother

922 When Abimelech had reigned three years over Israel 923 Then God
