great slaughter Thus the children of Ammon were subdued before the
children of Israel

1134 And Jephthah came to Mizpeh unto his house and behold his
daughter came out to meet him with timbrels and with dances and she
was his only child beside her he had neither son nor daughter

1135 And it came to pass when he saw her that he rent his clothes
and said Alas my daughter thou hast brought me very low and thou
art one of them that trouble me for I have opened my mouth unto the
LORD and I cannot go back

1136 And she said unto him My father if thou hast opened thy mouth
unto the LORD do to me according to that which hath proceeded out of
thy mouth forasmuch as the LORD hath taken vengeance for thee of
thine enemies even of the children of Ammon

1137 And she said unto her father Let this thing be done for me let
me alone two months that I may go up and down upon the mountains and
bewail my virginity I and my fellows

1138 And he said Go And he sent her away for two months and she
went with her companions and bewailed her virginity upon the
mountains

1139 And it came to pass at the end of two months that she returned
unto her father who did with her according to his vow which he had
vowed and she knew no man And it was a custom in Israel 1140 That
the daughters of Israel went yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah
the Gileadite four days in a year

121 And the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together and went
northward and said unto Jephthah Wherefore passedst thou over to
fight against the children of Ammon and didst not call us to go with
thee we will burn thine house upon thee with fire

122 And Jephthah said unto them I and my people were at great strife
with the children of Ammon and when I called you ye delivered me not
out of their hands

123 And when I saw that ye delivered me not I put my life in my
hands and passed over against the children of Ammon and the LORD
delivered them into my hand wherefore then are ye come up unto me
this day to fight against me  124 Then Jephthah gathered together
all the men of Gilead and fought with Ephraim and the men of Gilead
smote Ephraim because they said Ye Gileadites are fugitives of
Ephraim among the Ephraimites and among the Manassites

125 And the Gileadites took the passages of Jordan before the
Ephraimites and it was so that when those Ephraimites which were
escaped said Let me go over that the men of Gilead said unto him
Art thou an Ephraimite If he said Nay 126 Then said they unto him
Say now Shibboleth and he said Sibboleth for he could not frame to
pronounce it right Then they took him and slew him at the passages
of Jordan and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and
two thousand

127 And Jephthah judged Israel six years Then died Jephthah the
Gileadite and was buried in one of the cities of Gilead

128 And after him Ibzan of Bethlehem judged Israel

129 And he had thirty sons and thirty daughters whom he sent
abroad and took in thirty daughters from abroad for his sons And he
judged Israel seven years

1210 Then died Ibzan and was buried at Bethlehem

1211 And after him Elon a Zebulonite judged Israel and he judged
Israel ten years

1212 And Elon the Zebulonite died and was buried in Aijalon in the
country of Zebulun

1213 And after him Abdon the son of Hillel a Pirathonite judged
Israel

1214 And he had forty sons and thirty nephews that rode on
threescore and ten ass colts and he judged Israel eight years

1215 And Abdon the son of Hillel the Pirathonite died and was buried
in Pirathon in the land of Ephraim in the mount of the Amalekites

131 And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the
LORD and the LORD delivered them into the hand of the Philistines
forty years

132 And there was a certain man of Zorah of the family of the
Danites whose name was Manoah and his wife was barren and bare not

133 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto the woman and said unto
her Behold now thou art barren and bearest not but thou shalt
conceive and bear a son

134 Now therefore beware I pray thee and drink not wine nor strong
drink and eat not any unclean thing 135 For lo thou shalt
conceive and bear a son and no razor shall come on his head for the
child shall be a Nazarite unto God from the womb and he shall begin
to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines

