
149 And he took thereof in his hands and went on eating and came to
his father and mother and he gave them and they did eat but he told
not them that he had taken the honey out of the carcase of the lion

1410 So his father went down unto the woman and Samson made there a
feast for so used the young men to do

1411 And it came to pass when they saw him that they brought thirty
companions to be with him

1412 And Samson said unto them I will now put forth a riddle unto
you if ye can certainly declare it me within the seven days of the
feast and find it out then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty
change of garments 1413 But if ye cannot declare it me then shall
ye give me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments And they said
unto him Put forth thy riddle that we may hear it

1414 And he said unto them Out of the eater came forth meat and out
of the strong came forth sweetness And they could not in three days
expound the riddle

1415 And it came to pass on the seventh day that they said unto
Samsons wife Entice thy husband that he may declare unto us the
riddle lest we burn thee and thy fathers house with fire have ye
called us to take that we have is it not so  1416 And Samsons wife
wept before him and said Thou dost but hate me and lovest me not
thou hast put forth a riddle unto the children of my people and hast
not told it me And he said unto her Behold I have not told it my
father nor my mother and shall I tell it thee  1417 And she wept
before him the seven days while their feast lasted and it came to
pass on the seventh day that he told her because she lay sore upon
him and she told the riddle to the children of her people

1418 And the men of the city said unto him on the seventh day before
the sun went down What is sweeter than honey And what is stronger
than a lion  and he said unto them If ye had not plowed with my
heifer ye had not found out my riddle

1419 And the Spirit of the LORD came upon him and he went down to
Ashkelon and slew thirty men of them and took their spoil and gave
change of garments unto them which expounded the riddle And his anger
was kindled and he went up to his fathers house

1420 But Samsons wife was given to his companion whom he had used
as his friend

151 But it came to pass within a while after in the time of wheat
harvest that Samson visited his wife with a kid and he said I will
go in to my wife into the chamber But her father would not suffer him
to go in

152 And her father said I verily thought that thou hadst utterly
hated her therefore I gave her to thy companion is not her younger
sister fairer than she take her I pray thee instead of her

153 And Samson said concerning them Now shall I be more blameless
than the Philistines though I do them a displeasure

154 And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes and took
firebrands and turned tail to tail and put a firebrand in the midst
between two tails

155 And when he had set the brands on fire he let them go into the
standing corn of the Philistines and burnt up both the shocks and
also the standing corn with the vineyards and olives

156 Then the Philistines said Who hath done this And they answered
Samson the son in law of the Timnite because he had taken his wife
and given her to his companion And the Philistines came up and burnt
her and her father with fire

157 And Samson said unto them Though ye have done this yet will I
be avenged of you and after that I will cease

158 And he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter and he
went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam

159 Then the Philistines went up and pitched in Judah and spread
themselves in Lehi

1510 And the men of Judah said Why are ye come up against us And
they answered To bind Samson are we come up to do to him as he hath
done to us

1511 Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the rock
Etam and said to Samson Knowest thou not that the Philistines are
rulers over us what is this that thou hast done unto us And he said
unto them As they did unto me so have I done unto them

1512 And they said unto him We are come down to bind thee that we
may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines And Samson said
unto them Swear unto me that ye will not fall upon me yourselves

1513 And they spake unto him saying No but we will bind thee fast
and deliver thee into their hand but surely we will not kill thee
And they bound him with two new cords and brought him up from the
rock

1514 And when he came unto Lehi the Philistines shouted against him
