
107 And let it be when these signs are come unto thee that thou do
as occasion serve thee for God is with thee

108 And thou shalt go down before me to Gilgal and behold I will
come down unto thee to offer burnt offerings and to sacrifice
sacrifices of peace offerings seven days shalt thou tarry till I
come to thee and shew thee what thou shalt do

109 And it was so that when he had turned his back to go from
Samuel God gave him another heart and all those signs came to pass
that day

1010 And when they came thither to the hill behold a company of
prophets met him and the Spirit of God came upon him and he
prophesied among them

1011 And it came to pass when all that knew him beforetime saw that
behold he prophesied among the prophets then the people said one to
another What is this that is come unto the son of Kish Is Saul also
among the prophets  1012 And one of the same place answered and
said But who is their father Therefore it became a proverb Is Saul
also among the prophets  1013 And when he had made an end of
prophesying he came to the high place

1014 And Sauls uncle said unto him and to his servant Whither went
ye  And he said To seek the asses and when we saw that they were no
where we came to Samuel

1015 And Sauls uncle said Tell me I pray thee what Samuel said
unto you

1016 And Saul said unto his uncle He told us plainly that the asses
were found But of the matter of the kingdom whereof Samuel spake he
told him not

1017 And Samuel called the people together unto the LORD to Mizpeh
1018 And said unto the children of Israel Thus saith the LORD God of
Israel I brought up Israel out of Egypt and delivered you out of the
hand of the Egyptians and out of the hand of all kingdoms and of
them that oppressed you 1019 And ye have this day rejected your God
who himself saved you out of all your adversities and your
tribulations and ye have said unto him Nay but set a king over us
Now therefore present yourselves before the LORD by your tribes and
by your thousands

1020 And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come
near the tribe of Benjamin was taken

1021 When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their
families the family of Matri was taken and Saul the son of Kish was
taken and when they sought him he could not be found

1022 Therefore they enquired of the LORD further if the man should
yet come thither And the LORD answered Behold he hath hid himself
among the stuff

1023 And they ran and fetched him thence and when he stood among the
people he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and
upward

1024 And Samuel said to all the people See ye him whom the LORD hath
chosen that there is none like him among all the people And all the
people shouted and said God save the king

1025 Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom and wrote
it in a book and laid it up before the LORD And Samuel sent all the
people away every man to his house

1026 And Saul also went home to Gibeah and there went with him a
band of men whose hearts God had touched

1027 But the children of Belial said How shall this man save us And
they despised him and brought no presents But he held his peace

111 Then Nahash the Ammonite came up and encamped against
Jabeshgilead and all the men of Jabesh said unto Nahash Make a
covenant with us and we will serve thee

112 And Nahash the Ammonite answered them On this condition will I
make a covenant with you that I may thrust out all your right eyes
and lay it for a reproach upon all Israel

113 And the elders of Jabesh said unto him Give us seven days
respite that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel
and then if there be no man to save us we will come out to thee

114 Then came the messengers to Gibeah of Saul and told the tidings
in the ears of the people and all the people lifted up their voices
and wept

115 And behold Saul came after the herd out of the field and Saul
said What aileth the people that they weep And they told him the
tidings of the men of Jabesh

116 And the Spirit of God came upon Saul when he heard those tidings
and his anger was kindled greatly

117 And he took a yoke of oxen and hewed them in pieces and sent
them throughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands of messengers
