2824 And the woman had a fat calf in the house and she hasted and
killed it and took flour and kneaded it and did bake unleavened
bread thereof 2825 And she brought it before Saul and before his
servants and they did eat Then they rose up and went away that
night

291 Now the Philistines gathered together all their armies to Aphek
and the Israelites pitched by a fountain which is in Jezreel

292 And the lords of the Philistines passed on by hundreds and by
thousands but David and his men passed on in the rereward with
Achish

293 Then said the princes of the Philistines What do these Hebrews
here  And Achish said unto the princes of the Philistines Is not
this David the servant of Saul the king of Israel which hath been
with me these days or these years and I have found no fault in him
since he fell unto me unto this day  294 And the princes of the
Philistines were wroth with him and the princes of the Philistines
said unto him Make this fellow return that he may go again to his
place which thou hast appointed him and let him not go down with us
to battle lest in the battle he be an adversary to us for wherewith
should he reconcile himself unto his master should it not be with the
heads of these men  295 Is not this David of whom they sang one to
another in dances saying Saul slew his thousands and David his ten
thousands  296 Then Achish called David and said unto him Surely
as the LORD liveth thou hast been upright and thy going out and thy
coming in with me in the host is good in my sight for I have not
found evil in thee since the day of thy coming unto me unto this day
nevertheless the lords favour thee not

297 Wherefore now return and go in peace that thou displease not
the lords of the Philistines

298 And David said unto Achish But what have I done and what hast
thou found in thy servant so long as I have been with thee unto this
day that I may not go fight against the enemies of my lord the king
299 And Achish answered and said to David I know that thou art good
in my sight as an angel of God notwithstanding the princes of the
Philistines have said He shall not go up with us to the battle

2910 Wherefore now rise up early in the morning with thy masters
servants that are come with thee and as soon as ye be up early in the
morning and have light depart

2911 So David and his men rose up early to depart in the morning to
return into the land of the Philistines And the Philistines went up
to Jezreel

301 And it came to pass when David and his men were come to Ziklag
on the third day that the Amalekites had invaded the south and
Ziklag and smitten Ziklag and burned it with fire 302 And had
taken the women captives that were therein they slew not any either
great or small but carried them away and went on their way

303 So David and his men came to the city and behold it was burned
with fire and their wives and their sons and their daughters were
taken captives

304 Then David and the people that were with him lifted up their
voice and wept until they had no more power to weep

305 And Davids two wives were taken captives Ahinoam the
Jezreelitess and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite

306 And David was greatly distressed for the people spake of stoning
him because the soul of all the people was grieved every man for his
sons and for his daughters but David encouraged himself in the LORD
his God

307 And David said to Abiathar the priest Ahimelechs son I pray
thee bring me hither the ephod And Abiathar brought thither the
ephod to David

308 And David enquired at the LORD saying Shall I pursue after this
troop shall I overtake them And he answered him Pursue for thou
shalt surely overtake them and without fail recover all

309 So David went he and the six hundred men that were with him and
came to the brook Besor where those that were left behind stayed

3010 But David pursued he and four hundred men for two hundred
abode behind which were so faint that they could not go over the
brook Besor

3011 And they found an Egyptian in the field and brought him to
David and gave him bread and he did eat and they made him drink
water 3012 And they gave him a piece of a cake of figs and two
clusters of raisins and when he had eaten his spirit came again to
him for he had eaten no bread nor drunk any water three days and
three nights

3013 And David said unto him To whom belongest thou and whence art
thou And he said I am a young man of Egypt servant to an Amalekite
and my master left me because three days agone I fell sick

3014 We made an invasion upon the south of the Cherethites and upon
the coast which belongeth to Judah and upon the south of Caleb and
we burned Ziklag with fire

