Jabeshgilead were they that buried Saul

25 And David sent messengers unto the men of Jabeshgilead and said
unto them Blessed be ye of the LORD that ye have shewed this
kindness unto your lord even unto Saul and have buried him

26 And now the LORD shew kindness and truth unto you and I also will
requite you this kindness because ye have done this thing

27 Therefore now let your hands be strengthened and be ye valiant
for your master Saul is dead and also the house of Judah have
anointed me king over them

28 But Abner the son of Ner captain of Sauls host took Ishbosheth
the son of Saul and brought him over to Mahanaim 29 And made him
king over Gilead and over the Ashurites and over Jezreel and over
Ephraim and over Benjamin and over all Israel

210 Ishbosheth Sauls son was forty years old when he began to reign
over Israel and reigned two years But the house of Judah followed
David

211 And the time that David was king in Hebron over the house of
Judah was seven years and six months

212 And Abner the son of Ner and the servants of Ishbosheth the son
of Saul went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon

213 And Joab the son of Zeruiah and the servants of David went out
and met together by the pool of Gibeon and they sat down the one on
the one side of the pool and the other on the other side of the pool

214 And Abner said to Joab Let the young men now arise and play
before us And Joab said Let them arise

215 Then there arose and went over by number twelve of Benjamin
which pertained to Ishbosheth the son of Saul and twelve of the
servants of David

216 And they caught every one his fellow by the head and thrust his
sword in his fellows side so they fell down together wherefore that
place was called Helkathhazzurim which is in Gibeon

217 And there was a very sore battle that day and Abner was beaten
and the men of Israel before the servants of David

218 And there were three sons of Zeruiah there Joab and Abishai
and Asahel and Asahel was as light of foot as a wild roe

219 And Asahel pursued after Abner and in going he turned not to the
right hand nor to the left from following Abner

220 Then Abner looked behind him and said Art thou Asahel And he
answered I am

221 And Abner said to him Turn thee aside to thy right hand or to
thy left and lay thee hold on one of the young men and take thee his
armour

But Asahel would not turn aside from following of him

222 And Abner said again to Asahel Turn thee aside from following
me wherefore should I smite thee to the ground how then should I
hold up my face to Joab thy brother  223 Howbeit he refused to turn
aside wherefore Abner with the hinder end of the spear smote him
under the fifth rib that the spear came out behind him and he fell
down there and died in the same place and it came to pass that as
many as came to the place where Asahel fell down and died stood still

224 Joab also and Abishai pursued after Abner and the sun went down
when they were come to the hill of Ammah that lieth before Giah by
the way of the wilderness of Gibeon

225 And the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together after
Abner and became one troop and stood on the top of an hill

226 Then Abner called to Joab and said Shall the sword devour for
ever  knowest thou not that it will be bitterness in the latter end
how long shall it be then ere thou bid the people return from
following their brethren  227 And Joab said As God liveth unless
thou hadst spoken surely then in the morning the people had gone up
every one from following his brother

228 So Joab blew a trumpet and all the people stood still and
pursued after Israel no more neither fought they any more

229 And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain
and passed over Jordan and went through all Bithron and they came to
Mahanaim

230 And Joab returned from following Abner and when he had gathered
all the people together there lacked of Davids servants nineteen men
and Asahel

231 But the servants of David had smitten of Benjamin and of Abners
men so that three hundred and threescore men died

232 And they took up Asahel and buried him in the sepulchre of his
father which was in Bethlehem And Joab and his men went all night
and they came to Hebron at break of day
