with the Philistines at Gob then Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Saph
which was of the sons of the giant

2119 And there was again a battle in Gob with the Philistines where
Elhanan the son of Jaareoregim a Bethlehemite slew the brother of
Goliath the Gittite the staff of whose spear was like a weavers
beam

2120 And there was yet a battle in Gath where was a man of great
stature that had on every hand six fingers and on every foot six
toes four and twenty in number and he also was born to the giant

2121 And when he defied Israel Jonathan the son of Shimeah the
brother of David slew him

2122 These four were born to the giant in Gath and fell by the hand
of David and by the hand of his servants

221 And David spake unto the LORD the words of this song in the day
that the LORD had delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies
and out of the hand of Saul 222 And he said The LORD is my rock
and my fortress and my deliverer 223 The God of my rock in him
will I trust he is my shield and the horn of my salvation my high
tower and my refuge my saviour thou savest me from violence

224 I will call on the LORD who is worthy to be praised so shall I
be saved from mine enemies

225 When the waves of death compassed me the floods of ungodly men
made me afraid 226 The sorrows of hell compassed me about the
snares of death prevented me 227 In my distress I called upon the
LORD and cried to my God and he did hear my voice out of his temple
and my cry did enter into his ears

228 Then the earth shook and trembled the foundations of heaven
moved and shook because he was wroth

229 There went up a smoke out of his nostrils and fire out of his
mouth devoured coals were kindled by it

2210 He bowed the heavens also and came down and darkness was under
his feet

2211 And he rode upon a cherub and did fly and he was seen upon the
wings of the wind

2212 And he made darkness pavilions round about him dark waters and
thick clouds of the skies

2213 Through the brightness before him were coals of fire kindled

2214 The LORD thundered from heaven and the most High uttered his
voice

2215 And he sent out arrows and scattered them lightning and
discomfited them

2216 And the channels of the sea appeared the foundations of the
world were discovered at the rebuking of the LORD at the blast of
the breath of his nostrils

2217 He sent from above he took me he drew me out of many waters
2218 He delivered me from my strong enemy and from them that hated
me for they were too strong for me

2219 They prevented me in the day of my calamity but the LORD was my
stay

2220 He brought me forth also into a large place he delivered me
because he delighted in me

2221 The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness according to
the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me

2222 For I have kept the ways of the LORD and have not wickedly
departed from my God

2223 For all his judgments were before me and as for his statutes I
did not depart from them

2224 I was also upright before him and have kept myself from mine
iniquity

2225 Therefore the LORD hath recompensed me according to my
righteousness according to my cleanness in his eye sight

2226 With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful and with the
upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright

2227 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure and with the froward
thou wilt shew thyself unsavoury

2228 And the afflicted people thou wilt save but thine eyes are upon
the haughty that thou mayest bring them down

2229 For thou art my lamp O LORD and the LORD will lighten my
darkness

2230 For by thee I have run through a troop by my God have I leaped
over a wall
