
2312 But he stood in the midst of the ground and defended it and
slew the Philistines and the LORD wrought a great victory

2313 And three of the thirty chief went down and came to David in
the harvest time unto the cave of Adullam and the troop of the
Philistines pitched in the valley of Rephaim

2314 And David was then in an hold and the garrison of the
Philistines was then in Bethlehem

2315 And David longed and said Oh that one would give me drink of
the water of the well of Bethlehem which is by the gate  2316 And
the three mighty men brake through the host of the Philistines and
drew water out of the well of Bethlehem that was by the gate and
took it and brought it to David nevertheless he would not drink
thereof but poured it out unto the LORD

2317 And he said Be it far from me O LORD that I should do this
is not this the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives
therefore he would not drink it These things did these three mighty
men

2318 And Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah was chief
among three And he lifted up his spear against three hundred and
slew them and had the name among three

2319 Was he not most honourable of three therefore he was their
captain howbeit he attained not unto the first three

2320 And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada the son of a valiant man of
Kabzeel who had done many acts he slew two lionlike men of Moab he
went down also and slew a lion in the midst of a pit in time of snow
2321 And he slew an Egyptian a goodly man and the Egyptian had a
spear in his hand but he went down to him with a staff and plucked
the spear out of the Egyptians hand and slew him with his own spear

2322 These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada and had the name
among three mighty men

2323 He was more honourable than the thirty but he attained not to
the first three And David set him over his guard

2324 Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty Elhanan the
son of Dodo of Bethlehem 2325 Shammah the Harodite Elika the
Harodite 2326 Helez the Paltite Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite
2327 Abiezer the Anethothite Mebunnai the Hushathite 2328 Zalmon
the Ahohite Maharai the Netophathite 2329 Heleb the son of Baanah
a Netophathite Ittai the son of Ribai out of Gibeah of the children
of Benjamin 2330 Benaiah the Pirathonite Hiddai of the brooks of
Gaash 2331 Abialbon the Arbathite Azmaveth the Barhumite 2332
Eliahba the Shaalbonite of the sons of Jashen Jonathan 2333
Shammah the Hararite Ahiam the son of Sharar the Hararite 2334
Eliphelet the son of Ahasbai the son of the Maachathite Eliam the
son of Ahithophel the Gilonite 2335 Hezrai the Carmelite Paarai the
Arbite 2336 Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah Bani the Gadite 2337
Zelek the Ammonite Nahari the Beerothite armourbearer to Joab the
son of Zeruiah 2338 Ira an Ithrite Gareb an Ithrite 2339 Uriah
the Hittite thirty and seven in all

241 And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel and
he moved David against them to say Go number Israel and Judah

242 For the king said to Joab the captain of the host which was with
him Go now through all the tribes of Israel from Dan even to
Beersheba and number ye the people that I may know the number of the
people

243 And Joab said unto the king Now the LORD thy God add unto the
people how many soever they be an hundredfold and that the eyes of
my lord the king may see it but why doth my lord the king delight in
this thing  244 Notwithstanding the kings word prevailed against
Joab and against the captains of the host And Joab and the captains
of the host went out from the presence of the king to number the
people of Israel

245 And they passed over Jordan and pitched in Aroer on the right
side of the city that lieth in the midst of the river of Gad and
toward Jazer 246 Then they came to Gilead and to the land of
Tahtimhodshi and they came to Danjaan and about to Zidon 247 And
came to the strong hold of Tyre and to all the cities of the Hivites
and of the Canaanites and they went out to the south of Judah even
to Beersheba

248 So when they had gone through all the land they came to
Jerusalem at the end of nine months and twenty days

249 And Joab gave up the sum of the number of the people unto the
king and there were in Israel eight hundred thousand valiant men that
drew the sword and the men of Judah were five hundred thousand men

2410 And Davids heart smote him after that he had numbered the
people

And David said unto the LORD I have sinned greatly in that I have
done and now I beseech thee O LORD take away the iniquity of thy
servant for I have done very foolishly

2411 For when David was up in the morning the word of the LORD came
unto the prophet Gad Davids seer saying 2412 Go and say unto
