David Thus saith the LORD I offer thee three things choose thee one
of them that I may do it unto thee

2413 So Gad came to David and told him and said unto him Shall
seven years of famine come unto thee in thy land or wilt thou flee
three months before thine enemies while they pursue thee or that
there be three days pestilence in thy land now advise and see what
answer I shall return to him that sent me

2414 And David said unto Gad I am in a great strait let us fall now
into the hand of the LORD for his mercies are great and let me not
fall into the hand of man

2415 So the LORD sent a pestilence upon Israel from the morning even
to the time appointed and there died of the people from Dan even to
Beersheba seventy thousand men

2416 And when the angel stretched out his hand upon Jerusalem to
destroy it the LORD repented him of the evil and said to the angel
that destroyed the people It is enough stay now thine hand And the
angel of the LORD was by the threshingplace of Araunah the Jebusite

2417 And David spake unto the LORD when he saw the angel that smote
the people and said Lo I have sinned and I have done wickedly but
these sheep what have they done let thine hand I pray thee be
against me and against my fathers house

2418 And Gad came that day to David and said unto him Go up rear
an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Araunah the Jebusite

2419 And David according to the saying of Gad went up as the LORD
commanded

2420 And Araunah looked and saw the king and his servants coming on
toward him and Araunah went out and bowed himself before the king on
his face upon the ground

2421 And Araunah said Wherefore is my lord the king come to his
servant  And David said To buy the threshingfloor of thee to build
an altar unto the LORD that the plague may be stayed from the people

2422 And Araunah said unto David Let my lord the king take and offer
up what seemeth good unto him behold here be oxen for burnt
sacrifice and threshing instruments and other instruments of the oxen
for wood

2423 All these things did Araunah as a king give unto the king And
Araunah said unto the king The LORD thy God accept thee

2424 And the king said unto Araunah Nay but I will surely buy it of
thee at a price neither will I offer burnt offerings unto the LORD my
God of that which doth cost me nothing So David bought the
threshingfloor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver

2425 And David built there an altar unto the LORD and offered burnt
offerings and peace offerings So the LORD was intreated for the land
and the plague was stayed from Israel




The First Book of the Kings

Commonly Called

The Third Book of the Kings


11 Now king David was old and stricken in years and they covered
him with clothes but he gat no heat

12 Wherefore his servants said unto him Let there be sought for my
lord the king a young virgin and let her stand before the king and
let her cherish him and let her lie in thy bosom that my lord the
king may get heat

13 So they sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of
Israel and found Abishag a Shunammite and brought her to the king

14 And the damsel was very fair and cherished the king and
ministered to him but the king knew her not

15 Then Adonijah the son of Haggith exalted himself saying I will
be king and he prepared him chariots and horsemen and fifty men to
run before him

16 And his father had not displeased him at any time in saying Why
hast thou done so and he also was a very goodly man and his mother
bare him after Absalom

17 And he conferred with Joab the son of Zeruiah and with Abiathar
the priest and they following Adonijah helped him

18 But Zadok the priest and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada and Nathan
the prophet and Shimei and Rei and the mighty men which belonged to
David were not with Adonijah

19 And Adonijah slew sheep and oxen and fat cattle by the stone of
Zoheleth which is by Enrogel and called all his brethren the kings
sons and all the men of Judah the kings servants 110 But Nathan
