charge

429 And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much and
largeness of heart even as the sand that is on the sea shore

430 And Solomons wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of
the east country and all the wisdom of Egypt

431 For he was wiser than all men than Ethan the Ezrahite and
Heman and Chalcol and Darda the sons of Mahol and his fame was in
all nations round about

432 And he spake three thousand proverbs and his songs were a
thousand and five

433 And he spake of trees from the cedar tree that is in Lebanon
even unto the hyssop that springeth out of the wall he spake also of
beasts and of fowl and of creeping things and of fishes

434 And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon from
all kings of the earth which had heard of his wisdom

51 And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unto Solomon for he had
heard that they had anointed him king in the room of his father for
Hiram was ever a lover of David

52 And Solomon sent to Hiram saying 53 Thou knowest how that David
my father could not build an house unto the name of the LORD his God
for the wars which were about him on every side until the LORD put
them under the soles of his feet

54 But now the LORD my God hath given me rest on every side so that
there is neither adversary nor evil occurrent

55 And behold I purpose to build an house unto the name of the LORD
my God as the LORD spake unto David my father saying Thy son whom
I will set upon thy throne in thy room he shall build an house unto
my name

56 Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of
Lebanon and my servants shall be with thy servants and unto thee
will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt
appoint for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can
skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians

57 And it came to pass when Hiram heard the words of Solomon that
he rejoiced greatly and said Blessed be the LORD this day which
hath given unto David a wise son over this great people

58 And Hiram sent to Solomon saying I have considered the things
which thou sentest to me for and I will do all thy desire concerning
timber of cedar and concerning timber of fir

59 My servants shall bring them down from Lebanon unto the sea and I
will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt
appoint me and will cause them to be discharged there and thou shalt
receive them and thou shalt accomplish my desire in giving food for
my household

510 So Hiram gave Solomon cedar trees and fir trees according to all
his desire

511 And Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat for food
to his household and twenty measures of pure oil thus gave Solomon
to Hiram year by year

512 And the LORD gave Solomon wisdom as he promised him and there
was peace between Hiram and Solomon and they two made a league
together

513 And king Solomon raised a levy out of all Israel and the levy
was thirty thousand men

514 And he sent them to Lebanon ten thousand a month by courses a
month they were in Lebanon and two months at home and Adoniram was
over the levy

515 And Solomon had threescore and ten thousand that bare burdens
and fourscore thousand hewers in the mountains 516 Beside the chief
of Solomons officers which were over the work three thousand and
three hundred which ruled over the people that wrought in the work

517 And the king commanded and they brought great stones costly
stones and hewed stones to lay the foundation of the house

518 And Solomons builders and Hirams builders did hew them and the
stonesquarers so they prepared timber and stones to build the house

61 And it came to pass in the four hundred and eightieth year after
the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt in the
fourth year of Solomons reign over Israel in the month Zif which is
the second month that he began to build the house of the LORD

62 And the house which king Solomon built for the LORD the length
thereof was threescore cubits and the breadth thereof twenty cubits
and the height thereof thirty cubits

63 And the porch before the temple of the house twenty cubits was
the length thereof according to the breadth of the house and ten
cubits was the breadth thereof before the house
