trees

633 So also made he for the door of the temple posts of olive tree a
fourth part of the wall

634 And the two doors were of fir tree the two leaves of the one
door were folding and the two leaves of the other door were folding

635 And he carved thereon cherubims and palm trees and open flowers
and covered them with gold fitted upon the carved work

636 And he built the inner court with three rows of hewed stone and
a row of cedar beams

637 In the fourth year was the foundation of the house of the LORD
laid in the month Zif 638 And in the eleventh year in the month
Bul which is the eighth month was the house finished throughout all
the parts thereof and according to all the fashion of it So was he
seven years in building it

71 But Solomon was building his own house thirteen years and he
finished all his house

72 He built also the house of the forest of Lebanon the length
thereof was an hundred cubits and the breadth thereof fifty cubits
and the height thereof thirty cubits upon four rows of cedar pillars
with cedar beams upon the pillars

73 And it was covered with cedar above upon the beams that lay on
forty five pillars fifteen in a row

74 And there were windows in three rows and light was against light
in three ranks

75 And all the doors and posts were square with the windows and
light was against light in three ranks

76 And he made a porch of pillars the length thereof was fifty
cubits and the breadth thereof thirty cubits and the porch was
before them and the other pillars and the thick beam were before
them

77 Then he made a porch for the throne where he might judge even the
porch of judgment and it was covered with cedar from one side of the
floor to the other

78 And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch
which was of the like work Solomon made also an house for Pharaohs
daughter whom he had taken to wife like unto this porch

79 All these were of costly stones according to the measures of
hewed stones sawed with saws within and without even from the
foundation unto the coping and so on the outside toward the great
court

710 And the foundation was of costly stones even great stones
stones of ten cubits and stones of eight cubits

711 And above were costly stones after the measures of hewed stones
and cedars

712 And the great court round about was with three rows of hewed
stones and a row of cedar beams both for the inner court of the
house of the LORD and for the porch of the house

713 And king Solomon sent and fetched Hiram out of Tyre

714 He was a widows son of the tribe of Naphtali and his father was
a man of Tyre a worker in brass and he was filled with wisdom and
understanding and cunning to work all works in brass And he came to
king Solomon and wrought all his work

715 For he cast two pillars of brass of eighteen cubits high apiece
and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about

716 And he made two chapiters of molten brass to set upon the tops
of the pillars the height of the one chapiter was five cubits and
the height of the other chapiter was five cubits 717 And nets of
checker work and wreaths of chain work for the chapiters which were
upon the top of the pillars seven for the one chapiter and seven for
the other chapiter

718 And he made the pillars and two rows round about upon the one
network to cover the chapiters that were upon the top with
pomegranates and so did he for the other chapiter

719 And the chapiters that were upon the top of the pillars were of
lily work in the porch four cubits

720 And the chapiters upon the two pillars had pomegranates also
above over against the belly which was by the network and the
pomegranates were two hundred in rows round about upon the other
chapiter

721 And he set up the pillars in the porch of the temple and he set
up the right pillar and called the name thereof Jachin and he set up
the left pillar and called the name thereof Boaz

722 And upon the top of the pillars was lily work so was the work of
the pillars finished
