
81 Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel and all the heads of
the tribes the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel unto
king Solomon in Jerusalem that they might bring up the ark of the
covenant of the LORD out of the city of David which is Zion

82 And all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto king Solomon
at the feast in the month Ethanim which is the seventh month

83 And all the elders of Israel came and the priests took up the
ark

84 And they brought up the ark of the LORD and the tabernacle of the
congregation and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle
even those did the priests and the Levites bring up

85 And king Solomon and all the congregation of Israel that were
assembled unto him were with him before the ark sacrificing sheep
and oxen that could not be told nor numbered for multitude

86 And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD
unto his place into the oracle of the house to the most holy place
even under the wings of the cherubims

87 For the cherubims spread forth their two wings over the place of
the ark and the cherubims covered the ark and the staves thereof
above

88 And they drew out the staves that the ends of the staves were
seen out in the holy place before the oracle and they were not seen
without and there they are unto this day

89 There was nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone which
Moses put there at Horeb when the LORD made a covenant with the
children of Israel when they came out of the land of Egypt

810 And it came to pass when the priests were come out of the holy
place that the cloud filled the house of the LORD 811 So that the
priests could not stand to minister because of the cloud for the
glory of the LORD had filled the house of the LORD

812 Then spake Solomon The LORD said that he would dwell in the
thick darkness

813 I have surely built thee an house to dwell in a settled place
for thee to abide in for ever

814 And the king turned his face about and blessed all the
congregation of Israel and all the congregation of Israel stood
815 And he said Blessed be the LORD God of Israel which spake with
his mouth unto David my father and hath with his hand fulfilled it
saying 816 Since the day that I brought forth my people Israel out
of Egypt I chose no city out of all the tribes of Israel to build an
house that my name might be therein but I chose David to be over my
people Israel

817 And it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for
the name of the LORD God of Israel

818 And the LORD said unto David my father Whereas it was in thine
heart to build an house unto my name thou didst well that it was in
thine heart

819 Nevertheless thou shalt not build the house but thy son that
shall come forth out of thy loins he shall build the house unto my
name

820 And the LORD hath performed his word that he spake and I am
risen up in the room of David my father and sit on the throne of
Israel as the LORD promised and have built an house for the name of
the LORD God of Israel

821 And I have set there a place for the ark wherein is the covenant
of the LORD which he made with our fathers when he brought them out
of the land of Egypt

822 And Solomon stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of
all the congregation of Israel and spread forth his hands toward
heaven 823 And he said LORD God of Israel there is no God like
thee in heaven above or on earth beneath who keepest covenant and
mercy with thy servants that walk before thee with all their heart
824 Who hast kept with thy servant David my father that thou
promisedst him thou spakest also with thy mouth and hast fulfilled
it with thine hand as it is this day

825 Therefore now LORD God of Israel keep with thy servant David my
father that thou promisedst him saying There shall not fail thee a
man in my sight to sit on the throne of Israel so that thy children
take heed to their way that they walk before me as thou hast walked
before me

826 And now O God of Israel let thy word I pray thee be verified
which thou spakest unto thy servant David my father

827 But will God indeed dwell on the earth behold the heaven and
heaven of heavens cannot contain thee how much less this house that I
have builded  828 Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy
servant and to his supplication O LORD my God to hearken unto the
cry and to the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee to day
829 That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day even
