Solomon

1022 For the king had at sea a navy of Tharshish with the navy of
Hiram once in three years came the navy of Tharshish bringing gold
and silver ivory and apes and peacocks

1023 So king Solomon exceeded all the kings of the earth for riches
and for wisdom

1024 And all the earth sought to Solomon to hear his wisdom which
God had put in his heart

1025 And they brought every man his present vessels of silver and
vessels of gold and garments and armour and spices horses and
mules a rate year by year

1026 And Solomon gathered together chariots and horsemen and he had
a thousand and four hundred chariots and twelve thousand horsemen
whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots and with the king at
Jerusalem

1027 And the king made silver to be in Jerusalem as stones and
cedars made he to be as the sycomore trees that are in the vale for
abundance

1028 And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt and linen yarn the
kings merchants received the linen yarn at a price

1029 And a chariot came up and went out of Egypt for six hundred
shekels of silver and an horse for an hundred and fifty and so for
all the kings of the Hittites and for the kings of Syria did they
bring them out by their means

111 But king Solomon loved many strange women together with the
daughter of Pharaoh women of the Moabites Ammonites Edomites
Zidonians and Hittites 112 Of the nations concerning which the LORD
said unto the children of Israel Ye shall not go in to them neither
shall they come in unto you for surely they will turn away your heart
after their gods Solomon clave unto these in love

113 And he had seven hundred wives princesses and three hundred
concubines and his wives turned away his heart

114 For it came to pass when Solomon was old that his wives turned
away his heart after other gods and his heart was not perfect with
the LORD his God as was the heart of David his father

115 For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians
and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites

116 And Solomon did evil in the sight of the LORD and went not fully
after the LORD as did David his father

117 Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh the abomination
of Moab in the hill that is before Jerusalem and for Molech the
abomination of the children of Ammon

118 And likewise did he for all his strange wives which burnt
incense and sacrificed unto their gods

119 And the LORD was angry with Solomon because his heart was turned
from the LORD God of Israel which had appeared unto him twice 1110
And had commanded him concerning this thing that he should not go
after other gods but he kept not that which the LORD commanded

1111 Wherefore the LORD said unto Solomon Forasmuch as this is done
of thee and thou hast not kept my covenant and my statutes which I
have commanded thee I will surely rend the kingdom from thee and
will give it to thy servant

1112 Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do it for David thy
fathers sake but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son

1113 Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom but will give one
tribe to thy son for David my servants sake and for Jerusalems sake
which I have chosen

1114 And the LORD stirred up an adversary unto Solomon Hadad the
Edomite he was of the kings seed in Edom

1115 For it came to pass when David was in Edom and Joab the
captain of the host was gone up to bury the slain after he had
smitten every male in Edom 1116 For six months did Joab remain
there with all Israel until he had cut off every male in Edom 1117
That Hadad fled he and certain Edomites of his fathers servants with
him to go into Egypt Hadad being yet a little child

1118 And they arose out of Midian and came to Paran and they took
men with them out of Paran and they came to Egypt unto Pharaoh king
of Egypt which gave him an house and appointed him victuals and
gave him land

1119 And Hadad found great favour in the sight of Pharaoh so that he
gave him to wife the sister of his own wife the sister of Tahpenes
the queen

1120 And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son whom
Tahpenes weaned in Pharaohs house and Genubath was in Pharaohs
household among the sons of Pharaoh

