128 But he forsook the counsel of the old men which they had given
him and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him and
which stood before him 129 And he said unto them What counsel give
ye that we may answer this people who have spoken to me saying Make
the yoke which thy father did put upon us lighter  1210 And the
young men that were grown up with him spake unto him saying Thus
shalt thou speak unto this people that spake unto thee saying Thy
father made our yoke heavy but make thou it lighter unto us thus
shalt thou say unto them My little finger shall be thicker than my
fathers loins

1211 And now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke I will
add to your yoke my father hath chastised you with whips but I will
chastise you with scorpions

1212 So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day
as the king had appointed saying Come to me again the third day

1213 And the king answered the people roughly and forsook the old
mens counsel that they gave him 1214 And spake to them after the
counsel of the young men saying My father made your yoke heavy and
I will add to your yoke my father also chastised you with whips but
I will chastise you with scorpions

1215 Wherefore the king hearkened not unto the people for the cause
was from the LORD that he might perform his saying which the LORD
spake by Ahijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat

1216 So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them
the people answered the king saying What portion have we in David
neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse to your tents O
Israel now see to thine own house David So Israel departed unto
their tents

1217 But as for the children of Israel which dwelt in the cities of
Judah Rehoboam reigned over them

1218 Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram who was over the tribute and
all Israel stoned him with stones that he died Therefore king
Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot to flee to
Jerusalem

1219 So Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day

1220 And it came to pass when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was
come again that they sent and called him unto the congregation and
made him king over all Israel there was none that followed the house
of David but the tribe of Judah only

1221 And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem he assembled all the
house of Judah with the tribe of Benjamin an hundred and fourscore
thousand chosen men which were warriors to fight against the house
of Israel to bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam the son of Solomon

1222 But the word of God came unto Shemaiah the man of God saying
1223 Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon king of Judah and unto
all the house of Judah and Benjamin and to the remnant of the people
saying 1224 Thus saith the LORD Ye shall not go up nor fight
against your brethren the children of Israel return every man to his
house for this thing is from me They hearkened therefore to the word
of the LORD and returned to depart according to the word of the
LORD

1225 Then Jeroboam built Shechem in mount Ephraim and dwelt therein
and went out from thence and built Penuel

1226 And Jeroboam said in his heart Now shall the kingdom return to
the house of David 1227 If this people go up to do sacrifice in the
house of the LORD at Jerusalem then shall the heart of this people
turn again unto their lord even unto Rehoboam king of Judah and they
shall kill me and go again to Rehoboam king of Judah

1228 Whereupon the king took counsel and made two calves of gold
and said unto them It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem
behold thy gods O Israel which brought thee up out of the land of
Egypt

1229 And he set the one in Bethel and the other put he in Dan

1230 And this thing became a sin for the people went to worship
before the one even unto Dan

1231 And he made an house of high places and made priests of the
lowest of the people which were not of the sons of Levi

1232 And Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month on the
fifteenth day of the month like unto the feast that is in Judah and
he offered upon the altar So did he in Bethel sacrificing unto the
calves that he had made and he placed in Bethel the priests of the
high places which he had made

1233 So he offered upon the altar which he had made in Bethel the
fifteenth day of the eighth month even in the month which he had
devised of his own heart and ordained a feast unto the children of
Israel and he offered upon the altar and burnt incense

131 And behold there came a man of God out of Judah by the word of
the LORD unto Bethel and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense

132 And he cried against the altar in the word of the LORD and said
