1422 And Judah did evil in the sight of the LORD and they provoked
him to jealousy with their sins which they had committed above all
that their fathers had done

1423 For they also built them high places and images and groves on
every high hill and under every green tree

1424 And there were also sodomites in the land and they did
according to all the abominations of the nations which the LORD cast
out before the children of Israel

1425 And it came to pass in the fifth year of king Rehoboam that
Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem 1426 And he took
away the treasures of the house of the LORD and the treasures of the
kings house he even took away all and he took away all the shields
of gold which Solomon had made

1427 And king Rehoboam made in their stead brasen shields and
committed them unto the hands of the chief of the guard which kept
the door of the kings house

1428 And it was so when the king went into the house of the LORD
that the guard bare them and brought them back into the guard
chamber

1429 Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam and all that he did are
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
1430 And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days

1431 And Rehoboam slept with his fathers and was buried with his
fathers in the city of David And his mothers name was Naamah an
Ammonitess And Abijam his son reigned in his stead

151 Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam the son of Nebat
reigned Abijam over Judah

152 Three years reigned he in Jerusalem and his mothers name was
Maachah the daughter of Abishalom

153 And he walked in all the sins of his father which he had done
before him and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God as
the heart of David his father

154 Nevertheless for Davids sake did the LORD his God give him a
lamp in Jerusalem to set up his son after him and to establish
Jerusalem 155 Because David did that which was right in the eyes of
the LORD and turned not aside from any thing that he commanded him
all the days of his life save only in the matter of Uriah the
Hittite

156 And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of
his life

157 Now the rest of the acts of Abijam and all that he did are they
not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah And
there was war between Abijam and Jeroboam

158 And Abijam slept with his fathers and they buried him in the
city of David and Asa his son reigned in his stead

159 And in the twentieth year of Jeroboam king of Israel reigned Asa
over Judah

1510 And forty and one years reigned he in Jerusalem And his
mothers name was Maachah the daughter of Abishalom

1511 And Asa did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD as did
David his father

1512 And he took away the sodomites out of the land and removed all
the idols that his fathers had made

1513 And also Maachah his mother even her he removed from being
queen because she had made an idol in a grove and Asa destroyed her
idol and burnt it by the brook Kidron

1514 But the high places were not removed nevertheless Asas heart
was perfect with the LORD all his days

1515 And he brought in the things which his father had dedicated and
the things which himself had dedicated into the house of the LORD
silver and gold and vessels

1516 And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all
their days

1517 And Baasha king of Israel went up against Judah and built
Ramah that he might not suffer any to go out or come in to Asa king
of Judah

1518 Then Asa took all the silver and the gold that were left in the
treasures of the house of the LORD and the treasures of the kings
house and delivered them into the hand of his servants and king Asa
sent them to Benhadad the son of Tabrimon the son of Hezion king of
Syria that dwelt at Damascus saying 1519 There is a league between
me and thee and between my father and thy father behold I have sent
unto thee a present of silver and gold come and break thy league with
Baasha king of Israel that he may depart from me

1520 So Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa and sent the captains of
