
418 And when the child was grown it fell on a day that he went out
to his father to the reapers

419 And he said unto his father My head my head And he said to a
lad Carry him to his mother

420 And when he had taken him and brought him to his mother he sat
on her knees till noon and then died

421 And she went up and laid him on the bed of the man of God and
shut the door upon him and went out

422 And she called unto her husband and said Send me I pray thee
one of the young men and one of the asses that I may run to the man
of God and come again

423 And he said Wherefore wilt thou go to him to day it is neither
new moon nor sabbath And she said It shall be well

424 Then she saddled an ass and said to her servant Drive and go
forward slack not thy riding for me except I bid thee

425 So she went and came unto the man of God to mount Carmel And it
came to pass when the man of God saw her afar off that he said to
Gehazi his servant Behold yonder is that Shunammite 426 Run now I
pray thee to meet her and say unto her Is it well with thee is it
well with thy husband is it well with the child And she answered It
is well 427 And when she came to the man of God to the hill she
caught him by the feet but Gehazi came near to thrust her away And
the man of God said Let her alone for her soul is vexed within her
and the LORD hath hid it from me and hath not told me

428 Then she said Did I desire a son of my lord did I not say Do
not deceive me  429 Then he said to Gehazi Gird up thy loins and
take my staff in thine hand and go thy way if thou meet any man
salute him not and if any salute thee answer him not again and lay
my staff upon the face of the child

430 And the mother of the child said As the LORD liveth and as thy
soul liveth I will not leave thee And he arose and followed her

431 And Gehazi passed on before them and laid the staff upon the
face of the child but there was neither voice nor hearing Wherefore
he went again to meet him and told him saying The child is not
awaked

432 And when Elisha was come into the house behold the child was
dead and laid upon his bed

433 He went in therefore and shut the door upon them twain and
prayed unto the LORD

434 And he went up and lay upon the child and put his mouth upon
his mouth and his eyes upon his eyes and his hands upon his hands
and stretched himself upon the child and the flesh of the child waxed
warm

435 Then he returned and walked in the house to and fro and went
up and stretched himself upon him and the child sneezed seven times
and the child opened his eyes

436 And he called Gehazi and said Call this Shunammite So he
called her And when she was come in unto him he said Take up thy
son

437 Then she went in and fell at his feet and bowed herself to the
ground and took up her son and went out

438 And Elisha came again to Gilgal and there was a dearth in the
land and the sons of the prophets were sitting before him and he
said unto his servant Set on the great pot and seethe pottage for
the sons of the prophets

439 And one went out into the field to gather herbs and found a wild
vine and gathered thereof wild gourds his lap full and came and
shred them into the pot of pottage for they knew them not

440 So they poured out for the men to eat And it came to pass as
they were eating of the pottage that they cried out and said O thou
man of God there is death in the pot And they could not eat thereof

441 But he said Then bring meal And he cast it into the pot and he
said Pour out for the people that they may eat And there was no
harm in the pot

442 And there came a man from Baalshalisha and brought the man of
God bread of the firstfruits twenty loaves of barley and full ears
of corn in the husk thereof And he said Give unto the people that
they may eat

443 And his servitor said What should I set this before an hundred
men  He said again Give the people that they may eat for thus
saith the LORD They shall eat and shall leave thereof

444 So he set it before them and they did eat and left thereof
according to the word of the LORD

51 Now Naaman captain of the host of the king of Syria was a great
man with his master and honourable because by him the LORD had given
