112 But Jehosheba the daughter of king Joram sister of Ahaziah
took Joash the son of Ahaziah and stole him from among the kings
sons which were slain and they hid him even him and his nurse in
the bedchamber from Athaliah so that he was not slain

113 And he was with her hid in the house of the LORD six years And
Athaliah did reign over the land

114 And the seventh year Jehoiada sent and fetched the rulers over
hundreds with the captains and the guard and brought them to him
into the house of the LORD and made a covenant with them and took an
oath of them in the house of the LORD and shewed them the kings son

115 And he commanded them saying This is the thing that ye shall
do A third part of you that enter in on the sabbath shall even be
keepers of the watch of the kings house 116 And a third part shall
be at the gate of Sur and a third part at the gate behind the guard
so shall ye keep the watch of the house that it be not broken down

117 And two parts of all you that go forth on the sabbath even they
shall keep the watch of the house of the LORD about the king

118 And ye shall compass the king round about every man with his
weapons in his hand and he that cometh within the ranges let him be
slain and be ye with the king as he goeth out and as he cometh in

119 And the captains over the hundreds did according to all things
that Jehoiada the priest commanded and they took every man his men
that were to come in on the sabbath with them that should go out on
the sabbath and came to Jehoiada the priest

1110 And to the captains over hundreds did the priest give king
Davids spears and shields that were in the temple of the LORD

1111 And the guard stood every man with his weapons in his hand
round about the king from the right corner of the temple to the left
corner of the temple along by the altar and the temple

1112 And he brought forth the kings son and put the crown upon him
and gave him the testimony and they made him king and anointed him
and they clapped their hands and said God save the king

1113 And when Athaliah heard the noise of the guard and of the
people she came to the people into the temple of the LORD

1114 And when she looked behold the king stood by a pillar as the
manner was and the princes and the trumpeters by the king and all
the people of the land rejoiced and blew with trumpets and Athaliah
rent her clothes and cried Treason Treason

1115 But Jehoiada the priest commanded the captains of the hundreds
the officers of the host and said unto them Have her forth without
the ranges and him that followeth her kill with the sword For the
priest had said Let her not be slain in the house of the LORD

1116 And they laid hands on her and she went by the way by the which
the horses came into the kings house and there was she slain

1117 And Jehoiada made a covenant between the LORD and the king and
the people that they should be the LORDs people between the king
also and the people

1118 And all the people of the land went into the house of Baal and
brake it down his altars and his images brake they in pieces
thoroughly and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars And
the priest appointed officers over the house of the LORD

1119 And he took the rulers over hundreds and the captains and the
guard and all the people of the land and they brought down the king
from the house of the LORD and came by the way of the gate of the
guard to the kings house And he sat on the throne of the kings

1120 And all the people of the land rejoiced and the city was in
quiet and they slew Athaliah with the sword beside the kings house

1121 Seven years old was Jehoash when he began to reign

121 In the seventh year of Jehu Jehoash began to reign and forty
years reigned he in Jerusalem And his mothers name was Zibiah of
Beersheba

122 And Jehoash did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all
his days wherein Jehoiada the priest instructed him

123 But the high places were not taken away the people still
sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places

124 And Jehoash said to the priests All the money of the dedicated
things that is brought into the house of the LORD even the money of
every one that passeth the account the money that every man is set
at and all the money that cometh into any mans heart to bring into
the house of the LORD 125 Let the priests take it to them every man
of his acquaintance and let them repair the breaches of the house
wheresoever any breach shall be found

126 But it was so that in the three and twentieth year of king
Jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house

127 Then king Jehoash called for Jehoiada the priest and the other
priests and said unto them Why repair ye not the breaches of the
