and Joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel

1314 Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died And
Joash the king of Israel came down unto him and wept over his face
and said O my father my father the chariot of Israel and the
horsemen thereof

1315 And Elisha said unto him Take bow and arrows And he took unto
him bow and arrows

1316 And he said to the king of Israel Put thine hand upon the bow
And he put his hand upon it and Elisha put his hands upon the kings
hands

1317 And he said Open the window eastward And he opened it Then
Elisha said Shoot And he shot And he said The arrow of the LORDs
deliverance and the arrow of deliverance from Syria for thou shalt
smite the Syrians in Aphek till thou have consumed them

1318 And he said Take the arrows And he took them And he said unto
the king of Israel Smite upon the ground And he smote thrice and
stayed

1319 And the man of God was wroth with him and said Thou shouldest
have smitten five or six times then hadst thou smitten Syria till
thou hadst consumed it whereas now thou shalt smite Syria but thrice

1320 And Elisha died and they buried him And the bands of the
Moabites invaded the land at the coming in of the year

1321 And it came to pass as they were burying a man that behold
they spied a band of men and they cast the man into the sepulchre of
Elisha and when the man was let down and touched the bones of
Elisha he revived and stood up on his feet

1322 But Hazael king of Syria oppressed Israel all the days of
Jehoahaz

1323 And the LORD was gracious unto them and had compassion on them
and had respect unto them because of his covenant with Abraham
Isaac and Jacob and would not destroy them neither cast he them
from his presence as yet

1324 So Hazael king of Syria died and Benhadad his son reigned in
his stead

1325 And Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz took again out of the hand of
Benhadad the son of Hazael the cities which he had taken out of the
hand of Jehoahaz his father by war Three times did Joash beat him
and recovered the cities of Israel

141 In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel
reigned Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah

142 He was twenty and five years old when he began to reign and
reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem And his mothers name was
Jehoaddan of Jerusalem

143 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD yet not
like David his father he did according to all things as Joash his
father did

144 Howbeit the high places were not taken away as yet the people
did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places

145 And it came to pass as soon as the kingdom was confirmed in his
hand that he slew his servants which had slain the king his father

146 But the children of the murderers he slew not according unto
that which is written in the book of the law of Moses wherein the
LORD commanded saying The fathers shall not be put to death for the
children nor the children be put to death for the fathers but every
man shall be put to death for his own sin

147 He slew of Edom in the valley of salt ten thousand and took
Selah by war and called the name of it Joktheel unto this day

148 Then Amaziah sent messengers to Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz son
of Jehu king of Israel saying Come let us look one another in the
face

149 And Jehoash the king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah
saying The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in
Lebanon saying Give thy daughter to my son to wife and there passed
by a wild beast that was in Lebanon and trode down the thistle

1410 Thou hast indeed smitten Edom and thine heart hath lifted thee
up glory of this and tarry at home for why shouldest thou meddle to
thy hurt that thou shouldest fall even thou and Judah with thee
1411 But Amaziah would not hear Therefore Jehoash king of Israel
went up and he and Amaziah king of Judah looked one another in the
face at Bethshemesh which belongeth to Judah

1412 And Judah was put to the worse before Israel and they fled
every man to their tents

1413 And Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah the son
of Jehoash the son of Ahaziah at Bethshemesh and came to Jerusalem
and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim unto the
corner gate four hundred cubits
