179 And the children of Israel did secretly those things that were
not right against the LORD their God and they built them high places
in all their cities from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced
city

1710 And they set them up images and groves in every high hill and
under every green tree 1711 And there they burnt incense in all the
high places as did the heathen whom the LORD carried away before
them and wrought wicked things to provoke the LORD to anger 1712
For they served idols whereof the LORD had said unto them Ye shall
not do this thing

1713 Yet the LORD testified against Israel and against Judah by all
the prophets and by all the seers saying Turn ye from your evil
ways and keep my commandments and my statutes according to all the
law which I commanded your fathers and which I sent to you by my
servants the prophets

1714 Notwithstanding they would not hear but hardened their necks
like to the neck of their fathers that did not believe in the LORD
their God

1715 And they rejected his statutes and his covenant that he made
with their fathers and his testimonies which he testified against
them and they followed vanity and became vain and went after the
heathen that were round about them concerning whom the LORD had
charged them that they should not do like them

1716 And they left all the commandments of the LORD their God and
made them molten images even two calves and made a grove and
worshipped all the host of heaven and served Baal

1717 And they caused their sons and their daughters to pass through
the fire and used divination and enchantments and sold themselves to
do evil in the sight of the LORD to provoke him to anger

1718 Therefore the LORD was very angry with Israel and removed them
out of his sight there was none left but the tribe of Judah only

1719 Also Judah kept not the commandments of the LORD their God but
walked in the statutes of Israel which they made

1720 And the LORD rejected all the seed of Israel and afflicted
them and delivered them into the hand of spoilers until he had cast
them out of his sight

1721 For he rent Israel from the house of David and they made
Jeroboam the son of Nebat king and Jeroboam drave Israel from
following the LORD and made them sin a great sin

1722 For the children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam
which he did they departed not from them 1723 Until the LORD
removed Israel out of his sight as he had said by all his servants
the prophets So was Israel carried away out of their own land to
Assyria unto this day

1724 And the king of Assyria brought men from Babylon and from
Cuthah and from Ava and from Hamath and from Sepharvaim and placed
them in the cities of Samaria instead of the children of Israel and
they possessed Samaria and dwelt in the cities thereof

1725 And so it was at the beginning of their dwelling there that
they feared not the LORD therefore the LORD sent lions among them
which slew some of them

1726 Wherefore they spake to the king of Assyria saying The nations
which thou hast removed and placed in the cities of Samaria know not
the manner of the God of the land therefore he hath sent lions among
them and behold they slay them because they know not the manner of
the God of the land

1727 Then the king of Assyria commanded saying Carry thither one of
the priests whom ye brought from thence and let them go and dwell
there and let him teach them the manner of the God of the land

1728 Then one of the priests whom they had carried away from Samaria
came and dwelt in Bethel and taught them how they should fear the
LORD

1729 Howbeit every nation made gods of their own and put them in the
houses of the high places which the Samaritans had made every nation
in their cities wherein they dwelt

1730 And the men of Babylon made Succothbenoth and the men of Cuth
made Nergal and the men of Hamath made Ashima 1731 And the Avites
made Nibhaz and Tartak and the Sepharvites burnt their children in
fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech the gods of Sepharvaim

1732 So they feared the LORD and made unto themselves of the lowest
of them priests of the high places which sacrificed for them in the
houses of the high places

1733 They feared the LORD and served their own gods after the
manner of the nations whom they carried away from thence

1734 Unto this day they do after the former manners they fear not
the LORD neither do they after their statutes or after their
ordinances or after the law and commandment which the LORD commanded
the children of Jacob whom he named Israel 1735 With whom the LORD
had made a covenant and charged them saying Ye shall not fear other
