thou alone of all the kingdoms of the earth thou hast made heaven
and earth

1916 LORD bow down thine ear and hear open LORD thine eyes and
see and hear the words of Sennacherib which hath sent him to
reproach the living God

1917 Of a truth LORD the kings of Assyria have destroyed the
nations and their lands 1918 And have cast their gods into the fire
for they were no gods but the work of mens hands wood and stone
therefore they have destroyed them

1919 Now therefore O LORD our God I beseech thee save thou us out
of his hand that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art
the LORD God even thou only

1920 Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah saying Thus saith
the LORD God of Israel That which thou hast prayed to me against
Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard

1921 This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning him The
virgin the daughter of Zion hath despised thee and laughed thee to
scorn the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee

1922 Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed and against whom hast
thou exalted thy voice and lifted up thine eyes on high even against
the Holy One of Israel

1923 By thy messengers thou hast reproached the LORD and hast said
With the multitude of my chariots I am come up to the height of the
mountains to the sides of Lebanon and will cut down the tall cedar
trees thereof and the choice fir trees thereof and I will enter into
the lodgings of his borders and into the forest of his Carmel

1924 I have digged and drunk strange waters and with the sole of my
feet have I dried up all the rivers of besieged places

1925 Hast thou not heard long ago how I have done it and of ancient
times that I have formed it now have I brought it to pass that thou
shouldest be to lay waste fenced cities into ruinous heaps

1926 Therefore their inhabitants were of small power they were
dismayed and confounded they were as the grass of the field and as
the green herb as the grass on the house tops and as corn blasted
before it be grown up

1927 But I know thy abode and thy going out and thy coming in and
thy rage against me

1928 Because thy rage against me and thy tumult is come up into mine
ears therefore I will put my hook in thy nose and my bridle in thy
lips and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest

1929 And this shall be a sign unto thee Ye shall eat this year such
things as grow of themselves and in the second year that which
springeth of the same and in the third year sow ye and reap and
plant vineyards and eat the fruits thereof

1930 And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall yet
again take root downward and bear fruit upward

1931 For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant and they that
escape out of mount Zion the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this

1932 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria He
shall not come into this city nor shoot an arrow there nor come
before it with shield nor cast a bank against it

1933 By the way that he came by the same shall he return and shall
not come into this city saith the LORD

1934 For I will defend this city to save it for mine own sake and
for my servant Davids sake

1935 And it came to pass that night that the angel of the LORD went
out and smote in the camp of the Assyrians an hundred fourscore and
five thousand and when they arose early in the morning behold they
were all dead corpses

1936 So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed and went and returned
and dwelt at Nineveh

1937 And it came to pass as he was worshipping in the house of
Nisroch his god that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with
the sword and they escaped into the land of Armenia And Esarhaddon
his son reigned in his stead

201 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death And the prophet
Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him and said unto him Thus saith the
LORD Set thine house in order for thou shalt die and not live

202 Then he turned his face to the wall and prayed unto the LORD
saying 203 I beseech thee O LORD remember now how I have walked
before thee in truth and with a perfect heart and have done that
which is good in thy sight And Hezekiah wept sore

204 And it came to pass afore Isaiah was gone out into the middle
court that the word of the LORD came to him saying 205 Turn again
and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people Thus saith the LORD the
God of David thy father I have heard thy prayer I have seen thy
