strip the slain that they found Saul and his sons fallen in mount
Gilboa

109 And when they had stripped him they took his head and his
armour and sent into the land of the Philistines round about to
carry tidings unto their idols and to the people

1010 And they put his armour in the house of their gods and fastened
his head in the temple of Dagon

1011 And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had
done to Saul 1012 They arose all the valiant men and took away the
body of Saul and the bodies of his sons and brought them to Jabesh
and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh and fasted seven days

1013 So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against
the LORD even against the word of the LORD which he kept not and
also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit to enquire
of it 1014 And enquired not of the LORD therefore he slew him and
turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse

111 Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron saying
Behold we are thy bone and thy flesh

112 And moreover in time past even when Saul was king thou wast he
that leddest out and broughtest in Israel and the LORD thy God said
unto thee Thou shalt feed my people Israel and thou shalt be ruler
over my people Israel

113 Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron
and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD and
they anointed David king over Israel according to the word of the
LORD by Samuel

114 And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem which is Jebus where
the Jebusites were the inhabitants of the land

115 And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David Thou shalt not come
hither Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion which is the city
of David

116 And David said Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be
chief and captain So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up and was
chief

117 And David dwelt in the castle therefore they called it the city
of David

118 And he built the city round about even from Millo round about
and Joab repaired the rest of the city

119 So David waxed greater and greater for the LORD of hosts was
with him

1110 These also are the chief of the mighty men whom David had who
strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom and with all Israel
to make him king according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel

1111 And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had
Jashobeam an Hachmonite the chief of the captains he lifted up his
spear against three hundred slain by him at one time

1112 And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahohite who was
one of the three mighties

1113 He was with David at Pasdammim and there the Philistines were
gathered together to battle where was a parcel of ground full of
barley and the people fled from before the Philistines

1114 And they set themselves in the midst of that parcel and
delivered it and slew the Philistines and the LORD saved them by a
great deliverance

1115 Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David
into the cave of Adullam and the host of the Philistines encamped in
the valley of Rephaim

1116 And David was then in the hold and the Philistines garrison
was then at Bethlehem

1117 And David longed and said Oh that one would give me drink of
the water of the well of Bethlehem that is at the gate  1118 And
the three brake through the host of the Philistines and drew water
out of the well of Bethlehem that was by the gate and took it and
brought it to David but David would not drink of it but poured it
out to the LORD

1119 And said My God forbid it me that I should do this thing
shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in
jeopardy for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it
Therefore he would not drink it

These things did these three mightiest

1120 And Abishai the brother of Joab he was chief of the three for
lifting up his spear against three hundred he slew them and had a
name among the three

1121 Of the three he was more honourable than the two for he was
their captain howbeit he attained not to the first three
