
114 And Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen and he had a thousand
and four hundred chariots and twelve thousand horsemen which he
placed in the chariot cities and with the king at Jerusalem

115 And the king made silver and gold at Jerusalem as plenteous as
stones and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the
vale for abundance

116 And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt and linen yarn the
kings merchants received the linen yarn at a price

117 And they fetched up and brought forth out of Egypt a chariot for
six hundred shekels of silver and an horse for an hundred and fifty
and so brought they out horses for all the kings of the Hittites and
for the kings of Syria by their means

21 And Solomon determined to build an house for the name of the LORD
and an house for his kingdom

22 And Solomon told out threescore and ten thousand men to bear
burdens and fourscore thousand to hew in the mountain and three
thousand and six hundred to oversee them

23 And Solomon sent to Huram the king of Tyre saying As thou didst
deal with David my father and didst send him cedars to build him an
house to dwell therein even so deal with me

24 Behold I build an house to the name of the LORD my God to
dedicate it to him and to burn before him sweet incense and for the
continual shewbread and for the burnt offerings morning and evening
on the sabbaths and on the new moons and on the solemn feasts of the
LORD our God This is an ordinance for ever to Israel

25 And the house which I build is great for great is our God above
all gods

26 But who is able to build him an house seeing the heaven and
heaven of heavens cannot contain him who am I then that I should
build him an house save only to burn sacrifice before him  27 Send
me now therefore a man cunning to work in gold and in silver and in
brass and in iron and in purple and crimson and blue and that can
skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in
Jerusalem whom David my father did provide

28 Send me also cedar trees fir trees and algum trees out of
Lebanon for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in
Lebanon and behold my servants shall be with thy servants 29 Even
to prepare me timber in abundance for the house which I am about to
build shall be wonderful great

210 And behold I will give to thy servants the hewers that cut
timber twenty thousand measures of beaten wheat and twenty thousand
measures of barley and twenty thousand baths of wine and twenty
thousand baths of oil

211 Then Huram the king of Tyre answered in writing which he sent to
Solomon Because the LORD hath loved his people he hath made thee
king over them

212 Huram said moreover Blessed be the LORD God of Israel that made
heaven and earth who hath given to David the king a wise son endued
with prudence and understanding that might build an house for the
LORD and an house for his kingdom

213 And now I have sent a cunning man endued with understanding of
Huram my fathers 214 The son of a woman of the daughters of Dan
and his father was a man of Tyre skilful to work in gold and in
silver in brass in iron in stone and in timber in purple in
blue and in fine linen and in crimson also to grave any manner of
graving and to find out every device which shall be put to him with
thy cunning men and with the cunning men of my lord David thy father

215 Now therefore the wheat and the barley the oil and the wine
which my lord hath spoken of let him send unto his servants 216 And
we will cut wood out of Lebanon as much as thou shalt need and we
will bring it to thee in floats by sea to Joppa and thou shalt carry
it up to Jerusalem

217 And Solomon numbered all the strangers that were in the land of
Israel after the numbering wherewith David his father had numbered
them and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three
thousand and six hundred

218 And he set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of
burdens and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain and
three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a work

31 Then Solomon began to build the house of the LORD at Jerusalem in
mount Moriah where the Lord appeared unto David his father in the
place that David had prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the
Jebusite

32 And he began to build in the second day of the second month in
the fourth year of his reign

33 Now these are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the
building of the house of God The length by cubits after the first
measure was threescore cubits and the breadth twenty cubits

