
106 And king Rehoboam took counsel with the old men that had stood
before Solomon his father while he yet lived saying What counsel
give ye me to return answer to this people  107 And they spake unto
him saying If thou be kind to this people and please them and
speak good words to them they will be thy servants for ever

108 But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him and took
counsel with the young men that were brought up with him that stood
before him

109 And he said unto them What advice give ye that we may return
answer to this people which have spoken to me saying Ease somewhat
the yoke that thy father did put upon us  1010 And the young men
that were brought up with him spake unto him saying Thus shalt thou
answer the people that spake unto thee saying Thy father made our
yoke heavy but make thou it somewhat lighter for us thus shalt thou
say unto them My little finger shall be thicker than my fathers
loins

1011 For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you I will put more
to your yoke my father chastised you with whips but I will chastise
you with scorpions

1012 So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third
day as the king bade saying Come again to me on the third day

1013 And the king answered them roughly and king Rehoboam forsook
the counsel of the old men 1014 And answered them after the advice
of the young men saying My father made your yoke heavy but I will
add thereto my father chastised you with whips but I will chastise
you with scorpions

1015 So the king hearkened not unto the people for the cause was of
God that the LORD might perform his word which he spake by the hand
of Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of Nebat

1016 And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto
them the people answered the king saying What portion have we in
David  and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse every man to
your tents O Israel and now David see to thine own house So all
Israel went to their tents

1017 But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of
Judah Rehoboam reigned over them

1018 Then king Rehoboam sent Hadoram that was over the tribute and
the children of Israel stoned him with stones that he died But king
Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot to flee to
Jerusalem

1019 And Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day

111 And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem he gathered of the house
of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men
which were warriors to fight against Israel that he might bring the
kingdom again to Rehoboam

112 But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God saying
113 Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon king of Judah and to all
Israel in Judah and Benjamin saying 114 Thus saith the LORD Ye
shall not go up nor fight against your brethren return every man to
his house for this thing is done of me And they obeyed the words of
the LORD and returned from going against Jeroboam

115 And Rehoboam dwelt in Jerusalem and built cities for defence in
Judah

116 He built even Bethlehem and Etam and Tekoa 117 And Bethzur
and Shoco and Adullam 118 And Gath and Mareshah and Ziph 119
And Adoraim and Lachish and Azekah 1110 And Zorah and Aijalon
and Hebron which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities

1111 And he fortified the strong holds and put captains in them and
store of victual and of oil and wine

1112 And in every several city he put shields and spears and made
them exceeding strong having Judah and Benjamin on his side

1113 And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted
to him out of all their coasts

1114 For the Levites left their suburbs and their possession and
came to Judah and Jerusalem for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them
off from executing the priests office unto the LORD 1115 And he
ordained him priests for the high places and for the devils and for
the calves which he had made

1116 And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their
hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem to sacrifice
unto the LORD God of their fathers

1117 So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah and made Rehoboam the
son of Solomon strong three years for three years they walked in the
way of David and Solomon

1118 And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son
of David to wife and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse
1119 Which bare him children Jeush and Shamariah and Zaham

