
1412 So the LORD smote the Ethiopians before Asa and before Judah
and the Ethiopians fled

1413 And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them unto
Gerar and the Ethiopians were overthrown that they could not recover
themselves for they were destroyed before the LORD and before his
host and they carried away very much spoil

1414 And they smote all the cities round about Gerar for the fear of
the LORD came upon them and they spoiled all the cities for there
was exceeding much spoil in them

1415 They smote also the tents of cattle and carried away sheep and
camels in abundance and returned to Jerusalem

151 And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded 152 And
he went out to meet Asa and said unto him Hear ye me Asa and all
Judah and Benjamin The LORD is with you while ye be with him and if
ye seek him he will be found of you but if ye forsake him he will
forsake you

153 Now for a long season Israel hath been without the true God and
without a teaching priest and without law

154 But when they in their trouble did turn unto the LORD God of
Israel and sought him he was found of them

155 And in those times there was no peace to him that went out nor
to him that came in but great vexations were upon all the inhabitants
of the countries

156 And nation was destroyed of nation and city of city for God did
vex them with all adversity

157 Be ye strong therefore and let not your hands be weak for your
work shall be rewarded

158 And when Asa heard these words and the prophecy of Oded the
prophet he took courage and put away the abominable idols out of all
the land of Judah and Benjamin and out of the cities which he had
taken from mount Ephraim and renewed the altar of the LORD that was
before the porch of the LORD

159 And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin and the strangers with
them out of Ephraim and Manasseh and out of Simeon for they fell to
him out of Israel in abundance when they saw that the LORD his God
was with him

1510 So they gathered themselves together at Jerusalem in the third
month in the fifteenth year of the reign of Asa

1511 And they offered unto the LORD the same time of the spoil which
they had brought seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep

1512 And they entered into a covenant to seek the LORD God of their
fathers with all their heart and with all their soul 1513 That
whosoever would not seek the LORD God of Israel should be put to
death whether small or great whether man or woman

1514 And they sware unto the LORD with a loud voice and with
shouting and with trumpets and with cornets

1515 And all Judah rejoiced at the oath for they had sworn with all
their heart and sought him with their whole desire and he was found
of them and the LORD gave them rest round about

1516 And also concerning Maachah the mother of Asa the king he
removed her from being queen because she had made an idol in a grove
and Asa cut down her idol and stamped it and burnt it at the brook
Kidron

1517 But the high places were not taken away out of Israel
nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days

1518 And he brought into the house of God the things that his father
had dedicated and that he himself had dedicated silver and gold
and vessels

1519 And there was no more war unto the five and thirtieth year of
the reign of Asa

161 In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of
Israel came up against Judah and built Ramah to the intent that he
might let none go out or come in to Asa king of Judah

162 Then Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the
house of the LORD and of the kings house and sent to Benhadad king
of Syria that dwelt at Damascus saying 163 There is a league
between me and thee as there was between my father and thy father
behold I have sent thee silver and gold go break thy league with
Baasha king of Israel that he may depart from me

164 And Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa and sent the captains of
his armies against the cities of Israel and they smote Ijon and Dan
and Abelmaim and all the store cities of Naphtali

165 And it came to pass when Baasha heard it that he left off
building of Ramah and let his work cease

