287 And Zichri a mighty man of Ephraim slew Maaseiah the kings
son and Azrikam the governor of the house and Elkanah that was next
to the king

288 And the children of Israel carried away captive of their brethren
two hundred thousand women sons and daughters and took also away
much spoil from them and brought the spoil to Samaria

289 But a prophet of the LORD was there whose name was Oded and he
went out before the host that came to Samaria and said unto them
Behold because the LORD God of your fathers was wroth with Judah he
hath delivered them into your hand and ye have slain them in a rage
that reacheth up unto heaven

2810 And now ye purpose to keep under the children of Judah and
Jerusalem for bondmen and bondwomen unto you but are there not with
you even with you sins against the LORD your God  2811 Now hear me
therefore and deliver the captives again which ye have taken captive
of your brethren for the fierce wrath of the LORD is upon you

2812 Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim Azariah
the son of Johanan Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth and Jehizkiah
the son of Shallum and Amasa the son of Hadlai stood up against them
that came from the war 2813 And said unto them Ye shall not bring
in the captives hither for whereas we have offended against the LORD
already ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass for
our trespass is great and there is fierce wrath against Israel

2814 So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the
princes and all the congregation

2815 And the men which were expressed by name rose up and took the
captives and with the spoil clothed all that were naked among them
and arrayed them and shod them and gave them to eat and to drink
and anointed them and carried all the feeble of them upon asses and
brought them to Jericho the city of palm trees to their brethren
then they returned to Samaria

2816 At that time did king Ahaz send unto the kings of Assyria to
help him

2817 For again the Edomites had come and smitten Judah and carried
away captives

2818 The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country
and of the south of Judah and had taken Bethshemesh and Ajalon and
Gederoth and Shocho with the villages thereof and Timnah with the
villages thereof Gimzo also and the villages thereof and they dwelt
there

2819 For the LORD brought Judah low because of Ahaz king of Israel
for he made Judah naked and transgressed sore against the LORD

2820 And Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria came unto him and
distressed him but strengthened him not

2821 For Ahaz took away a portion out of the house of the LORD and
out of the house of the king and of the princes and gave it unto the
king of Assyria but he helped him not

2822 And in the time of his distress did he trespass yet more against
the LORD this is that king Ahaz

2823 For he sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus which smote him
and he said Because the gods of the kings of Syria help them
therefore will I sacrifice to them that they may help me But they
were the ruin of him and of all Israel

2824 And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God and
cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God and shut up the doors
of the house of the LORD and he made him altars in every corner of
Jerusalem

2825 And in every several city of Judah he made high places to burn
incense unto other gods and provoked to anger the LORD God of his
fathers

2826 Now the rest of his acts and of all his ways first and last
behold they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel

2827 And Ahaz slept with his fathers and they buried him in the
city even in Jerusalem but they brought him not into the sepulchres
of the kings of Israel and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead

291 Hezekiah began to reign when he was five and twenty years old
and he reigned nine and twenty years in Jerusalem And his mothers
name was Abijah the daughter of Zechariah

292 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD
according to all that David his father had done

293 He in the first year of his reign in the first month opened the
doors of the house of the LORD and repaired them

294 And he brought in the priests and the Levites and gathered them
together into the east street 295 And said unto them Hear me ye
Levites sanctify now yourselves and sanctify the house of the LORD
God of your fathers and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy
place

