366 Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and bound him
in fetters to carry him to Babylon

367 Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of the
LORD to Babylon and put them in his temple at Babylon

368 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim and his abominations which
he did and that which was found in him behold they are written in
the book of the kings of Israel and Judah and Jehoiachin his son
reigned in his stead

369 Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign and he
reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem and he did that which
was evil in the sight of the LORD

3610 And when the year was expired king Nebuchadnezzar sent and
brought him to Babylon with the goodly vessels of the house of the
LORD and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem

3611 Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign
and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem

3612 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God
and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet speaking from the
mouth of the LORD

3613 And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar who had made
him swear by God but he stiffened his neck and hardened his heart
from turning unto the LORD God of Israel

3614 Moreover all the chief of the priests and the people
transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen and
polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in Jerusalem

3615 And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his
messengers rising up betimes and sending because he had compassion
on his people and on his dwelling place 3616 But they mocked the
messengers of God and despised his words and misused his prophets
until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people till there was
no remedy

3617 Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees who
slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary
and had no compassion upon young man or maiden old man or him that
stooped for age he gave them all into his hand

3618 And all the vessels of the house of God great and small and
the treasures of the house of the LORD and the treasures of the king
and of his princes all these he brought to Babylon

3619 And they burnt the house of God and brake down the wall of
Jerusalem and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire and destroyed
all the goodly vessels thereof

3620 And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to
Babylon where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign
of the kingdom of Persia 3621 To fulfil the word of the LORD by the
mouth of Jeremiah until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths for as
long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath to fulfil threescore and
ten years

3622 Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia that the word of
the LORD spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished the
LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia that he made a
proclamation throughout all his kingdom and put it also in writing
saying 3623 Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia All the kingdoms of the
earth hath the LORD God of heaven given me and he hath charged me to
build him an house in Jerusalem which is in Judah Who is there among
you of all his people  The LORD his God be with him and let him go up




Ezra


11 Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia that the word of
the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled the LORD stirred
up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia that he made a proclamation
throughout all his kingdom and put it also in writing saying 12
Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia The LORD God of heaven hath given me
all the kingdoms of the earth and he hath charged me to build him an
house at Jerusalem which is in Judah

13 Who is there among you of all his people his God be with him and
let him go up to Jerusalem which is in Judah and build the house of
the LORD God of Israel he is the God which is in Jerusalem

14 And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth let the
men of his place help him with silver and with gold and with goods
and with beasts beside the freewill offering for the house of God
that is in Jerusalem

15 Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin and
the priests and the Levites with all them whose spirit God had
raised to go up to build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem

16 And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with
vessels of silver with gold with goods and with beasts and with
precious things beside all that was willingly offered
