
93 And when I heard this thing I rent my garment and my mantle and
plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard and sat down
astonied

94 Then were assembled unto me every one that trembled at the words
of the God of Israel because of the transgression of those that had
been carried away and I sat astonied until the evening sacrifice

95 And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness and
having rent my garment and my mantle I fell upon my knees and spread
out my hands unto the LORD my God 96 And said O my God I am
ashamed and blush to lift up my face to thee my God for our
iniquities are increased over our head and our trespass is grown up
unto the heavens

97 Since the days of our fathers have we been in a great trespass
unto this day and for our iniquities have we our kings and our
priests been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands to
the sword to captivity and to a spoil and to confusion of face as
it is this day

98 And now for a little space grace hath been shewed from the LORD
our God to leave us a remnant to escape and to give us a nail in his
holy place that our God may lighten our eyes and give us a little
reviving in our bondage

99 For we were bondmen yet our God hath not forsaken us in our
bondage but hath extended mercy unto us in the sight of the kings of
Persia to give us a reviving to set up the house of our God and to
repair the desolations thereof and to give us a wall in Judah and in
Jerusalem

910 And now O our God what shall we say after this for we have
forsaken thy commandments 911 Which thou hast commanded by thy
servants the prophets saying The land unto which ye go to possess
it is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands
with their abominations which have filled it from one end to another
with their uncleanness

912 Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons neither
take their daughters unto your sons nor seek their peace or their
wealth for ever that ye may be strong and eat the good of the land
and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever

913 And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds and for
our great trespass seeing that thou our God hast punished us less
than our iniquities deserve and hast given us such deliverance as
this 914 Should we again break thy commandments and join in
affinity with the people of these abominations wouldest not thou be
angry with us till thou hadst consumed us so that there should be no
remnant nor escaping  915 O LORD God of Israel thou art righteous
for we remain yet escaped as it is this day behold we are before
thee in our trespasses for we cannot stand before thee because of
this

101 Now when Ezra had prayed and when he had confessed weeping and
casting himself down before the house of God there assembled unto him
out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and children
for the people wept very sore

102 And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel one of the sons of Elam
answered and said unto Ezra We have trespassed against our God and
have taken strange wives of the people of the land yet now there is
hope in Israel concerning this thing

103 Now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to put away all
the wives and such as are born of them according to the counsel of
my lord and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God and
let it be done according to the law

104 Arise for this matter belongeth unto thee we also will be with
thee be of good courage and do it

105 Then arose Ezra and made the chief priests the Levites and all
Israel to swear that they should do according to this word And they
sware

106 Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God and went into the
chamber of Johanan the son of Eliashib and when he came thither he
did eat no bread nor drink water for he mourned because of the
transgression of them that had been carried away

107 And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem unto
all the children of the captivity that they should gather themselves
together unto Jerusalem 108 And that whosoever would not come within
three days according to the counsel of the princes and the elders
all his substance should be forfeited and himself separated from the
congregation of those that had been carried away

109 Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves
together unto Jerusalem within three days It was the ninth month on
the twentieth day of the month and all the people sat in the street
of the house of God trembling because of this matter and for the
great rain

1010 And Ezra the priest stood up and said unto them Ye have
transgressed and have taken strange wives to increase the trespass
of Israel

