had charged her that she should not shew it

211 And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the womens
house to know how Esther did and what should become of her

212 Now when every maids turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus
after that she had been twelve months according to the manner of the
women for so were the days of their purifications accomplished to
wit six months with oil of myrrh and six months with sweet odours
and with other things for the purifying of the women 213 Then thus
came every maiden unto the king whatsoever she desired was given her
to go with her out of the house of the women unto the kings house

214 In the evening she went and on the morrow she returned into the
second house of the women to the custody of Shaashgaz the kings
chamberlain which kept the concubines she came in unto the king no
more except the king delighted in her and that she were called by
name

215 Now when the turn of Esther the daughter of Abihail the uncle of
Mordecai who had taken her for his daughter was come to go in unto
the king she required nothing but what Hegai the kings chamberlain
the keeper of the women appointed And Esther obtained favour in the
sight of all them that looked upon her

216 So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into his house royal in
the tenth month which is the month Tebeth in the seventh year of his
reign

217 And the king loved Esther above all the women and she obtained
grace and favour in his sight more than all the virgins so that he
set the royal crown upon her head and made her queen instead of
Vashti

218 Then the king made a great feast unto all his princes and his
servants even Esthers feast and he made a release to the provinces
and gave gifts according to the state of the king

219 And when the virgins were gathered together the second time then
Mordecai sat in the kings gate

220 Esther had not yet shewed her kindred nor her people as Mordecai
had charged her for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai like as
when she was brought up with him

221 In those days while Mordecai sat in the kings gate two of the
kings chamberlains Bigthan and Teresh of those which kept the door
were wroth and sought to lay hands on the king Ahasuerus

222 And the thing was known to Mordecai who told it unto Esther the
queen and Esther certified the king thereof in Mordecais name

223 And when inquisition was made of the matter it was found out
therefore they were both hanged on a tree and it was written in the
book of the chronicles before the king

31 After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of
Hammedatha the Agagite and advanced him and set his seat above all
the princes that were with him

32 And all the kings servants that were in the kings gate bowed
and reverenced Haman for the king had so commanded concerning him
But Mordecai bowed not nor did him reverence

33 Then the kings servants which were in the kings gate said unto
Mordecai Why transgressest thou the kings commandment  34 Now it
came to pass when they spake daily unto him and he hearkened not
unto them that they told Haman to see whether Mordecais matters
would stand for he had told them that he was a Jew

35 And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not nor did him reverence
then was Haman full of wrath

36 And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone for they had
shewed him the people of Mordecai wherefore Haman sought to destroy
all the Jews that were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus even
the people of Mordecai

37 In the first month that is the month Nisan in the twelfth year
of king Ahasuerus they cast Pur that is the lot before Haman from
day to day and from month to month to the twelfth month that is
the month Adar

38 And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus There is a certain people
scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the provinces
of thy kingdom and their laws are diverse from all people neither
keep they the kings laws therefore it is not for the kings profit
to suffer them

39 If it please the king let it be written that they may be
destroyed and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands
of those that have the charge of the business to bring it into the
kings treasuries

310 And the king took his ring from his hand and gave it unto Haman
the son of Hammedatha the Agagite the Jews enemy

311 And the king said unto Haman The silver is given to thee the
people also to do with them as it seemeth good to thee

