312 Then were the kings scribes called on the thirteenth day of the
first month and there was written according to all that Haman had
commanded unto the kings lieutenants and to the governors that were
over every province and to the rulers of every people of every
province according to the writing thereof and to every people after
their language in the name of king Ahasuerus was it written and
sealed with the kings ring

313 And the letters were sent by posts into all the kings provinces
to destroy to kill and to cause to perish all Jews both young and
old little children and women in one day even upon the thirteenth
day of the twelfth month which is the month Adar and to take the
spoil of them for a prey

314 The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every
province was published unto all people that they should be ready
against that day

315 The posts went out being hastened by the kings commandment and
the decree was given in Shushan the palace And the king and Haman sat
down to drink but the city Shushan was perplexed

41 When Mordecai perceived all that was done Mordecai rent his
clothes and put on sackcloth with ashes and went out into the midst
of the city and cried with a loud and a bitter cry 42 And came even
before the kings gate for none might enter into the kings gate
clothed with sackcloth

43 And in every province whithersoever the kings commandment and
his decree came there was great mourning among the Jews and fasting
and weeping and wailing and many lay in sackcloth and ashes

44 So Esthers maids and her chamberlains came and told it her Then
was the queen exceedingly grieved and she sent raiment to clothe
Mordecai and to take away his sackcloth from him but he received it
not

45 Then called Esther for Hatach one of the kings chamberlains
whom he had appointed to attend upon her and gave him a commandment
to Mordecai to know what it was and why it was

46 So Hatach went forth to Mordecai unto the street of the city
which was before the kings gate

47 And Mordecai told him of all that had happened unto him and of
the sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the kings
treasuries for the Jews to destroy them

48 Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was
given at Shushan to destroy them to shew it unto Esther and to
declare it unto her and to charge her that she should go in unto the
king to make supplication unto him and to make request before him
for her people

49 And Hatach came and told Esther the words of Mordecai

410 Again Esther spake unto Hatach and gave him commandment unto
Mordecai 411 All the kings servants and the people of the kings
provinces do know that whosoever whether man or women shall come
unto the king into the inner court who is not called there is one
law of his to put him to death except such to whom the king shall
hold out the golden sceptre that he may live but I have not been
called to come in unto the king these thirty days

412 And they told to Mordecai Esthers words

413 Then Mordecai commanded to answer Esther Think not with thyself
that thou shalt escape in the kings house more than all the Jews

414 For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time then shall
there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another
place but thou and thy fathers house shall be destroyed and who
knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this
415 Then Esther bade them return Mordecai this answer 416 Go
gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan and fast ye
for me and neither eat nor drink three days night or day I also and
my maidens will fast likewise and so will I go in unto the king
which is not according to the law and if I perish I perish

417 So Mordecai went his way and did according to all that Esther
had commanded him

51 Now it came to pass on the third day that Esther put on her royal
apparel and stood in the inner court of the kings house over
against the kings house and the king sat upon his royal throne in
the royal house over against the gate of the house

52 And it was so when the king saw Esther the queen standing in the
court that she obtained favour in his sight and the king held out to
Esther the golden sceptre that was in his hand So Esther drew near
and touched the top of the sceptre

53 Then said the king unto her What wilt thou queen Esther and
what is thy request it shall be even given thee to the half of the
kingdom

54 And Esther answered If it seem good unto the king let the king
and Haman come this day unto the banquet that I have prepared for him

55 Then the king said Cause Haman to make haste that he may do as
