and seven provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus with words of peace
and truth 931 To confirm these days of Purim in their times
appointed according as Mordecai the Jew and Esther the queen had
enjoined them and as they had decreed for themselves and for their
seed the matters of the fastings and their cry

932 And the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim and it
was written in the book

101 And the king Ahasuerus laid a tribute upon the land and upon the
isles of the sea

102 And all the acts of his power and of his might and the
declaration of the greatness of Mordecai whereunto the king advanced
him are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings
of Media and Persia  103 For Mordecai the Jew was next unto king
Ahasuerus and great among the Jews and accepted of the multitude of
his brethren seeking the wealth of his people and speaking peace to
all his seed




The Book of Job


11 There was a man in the land of Uz whose name was Job and that
man was perfect and upright and one that feared God and eschewed evil

12 And there were born unto him seven sons and three daughters

13 His substance also was seven thousand sheep and three thousand
camels and five hundred yoke of oxen and five hundred she asses and
a very great household so that this man was the greatest of all the
men of the east

14 And his sons went and feasted in their houses every one his day
and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and to drink with
them

15 And it was so when the days of their feasting were gone about
that Job sent and sanctified them and rose up early in the morning
and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all for
Job said It may be that my sons have sinned and cursed God in their
hearts Thus did Job continually

16 Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present
themselves before the LORD and Satan came also among them

17 And the LORD said unto Satan Whence comest thou Then Satan
answered the LORD and said From going to and fro in the earth and
from walking up and down in it

18 And the LORD said unto Satan Hast thou considered my servant Job
that there is none like him in the earth a perfect and an upright
man one that feareth God and escheweth evil  19 Then Satan
answered the LORD and said Doth Job fear God for nought  110 Hast
not thou made an hedge about him and about his house and about all
that he hath on every side thou hast blessed the work of his hands
and his substance is increased in the land

111 But put forth thine hand now and touch all that he hath and he
will curse thee to thy face

112 And the LORD said unto Satan Behold all that he hath is in thy
power only upon himself put not forth thine hand So Satan went forth
from the presence of the LORD

113 And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating
and drinking wine in their eldest brothers house 114 And there came
a messenger unto Job and said The oxen were plowing and the asses
feeding beside them 115 And the Sabeans fell upon them and took
them away yea they have slain the servants with the edge of the
sword and I only am escaped alone to tell thee

116 While he was yet speaking there came also another and said The
fire of God is fallen from heaven and hath burned up the sheep and
the servants and consumed them and I only am escaped alone to tell
thee

117 While he was yet speaking there came also another and said The
Chaldeans made out three bands and fell upon the camels and have
carried them away yea and slain the servants with the edge of the
sword and I only am escaped alone to tell thee

118 While he was yet speaking there came also another and said Thy
sons and thy daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest
brothers house 119 And behold there came a great wind from the
wilderness and smote the four corners of the house and it fell upon
the young men and they are dead and I only am escaped alone to tell
thee

120 Then Job arose and rent his mantle and shaved his head and
fell down upon the ground and worshipped 121 And said Naked came I
out of my mothers womb and naked shall I return thither the LORD
gave and the LORD hath taken away blessed be the name of the LORD

122 In all this Job sinned not nor charged God foolishly

21 Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present
