
325 For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me and that
which I was afraid of is come unto me

326 I was not in safety neither had I rest neither was I quiet yet
trouble came

41 Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said 42 If we assay to
commune with thee wilt thou be grieved but who can withhold himself
from speaking  43 Behold thou hast instructed many and thou hast
strengthened the weak hands

44 Thy words have upholden him that was falling and thou hast
strengthened the feeble knees

45 But now it is come upon thee and thou faintest it toucheth thee
and thou art troubled

46 Is not this thy fear thy confidence thy hope and the
uprightness of thy ways  47 Remember I pray thee who ever
perished being innocent or where were the righteous cut off  48
Even as I have seen they that plow iniquity and sow wickedness reap
the same

49 By the blast of God they perish and by the breath of his nostrils
are they consumed

410 The roaring of the lion and the voice of the fierce lion and
the teeth of the young lions are broken

411 The old lion perisheth for lack of prey and the stout lions
whelps are scattered abroad

412 Now a thing was secretly brought to me and mine ear received a
little thereof

413 In thoughts from the visions of the night when deep sleep
falleth on men 414 Fear came upon me and trembling which made all
my bones to shake

415 Then a spirit passed before my face the hair of my flesh stood
up 416 It stood still but I could not discern the form thereof an
image was before mine eyes there was silence and I heard a voice
saying 417 Shall mortal man be more just than God shall a man be
more pure than his maker  418 Behold he put no trust in his
servants and his angels he charged with folly 419 How much less in
them that dwell in houses of clay whose foundation is in the dust
which are crushed before the moth  420 They are destroyed from
morning to evening they perish for ever without any regarding it

421 Doth not their excellency which is in them go away they die
even without wisdom

51 Call now if there be any that will answer thee and to which of
the saints wilt thou turn  52 For wrath killeth the foolish man and
envy slayeth the silly one

53 I have seen the foolish taking root but suddenly I cursed his
habitation

54 His children are far from safety and they are crushed in the
gate neither is there any to deliver them

55 Whose harvest the hungry eateth up and taketh it even out of the
thorns and the robber swalloweth up their substance

56 Although affliction cometh not forth of the dust neither doth
trouble spring out of the ground 57 Yet man is born unto trouble as
the sparks fly upward

58 I would seek unto God and unto God would I commit my cause 59
Which doeth great things and unsearchable marvellous things without
number 510 Who giveth rain upon the earth and sendeth waters upon
the fields 511 To set up on high those that be low that those which
mourn may be exalted to safety

512 He disappointeth the devices of the crafty so that their hands
cannot perform their enterprise

513 He taketh the wise in their own craftiness and the counsel of
the froward is carried headlong

514 They meet with darkness in the day time and grope in the noonday
as in the night

515 But he saveth the poor from the sword from their mouth and from
the hand of the mighty

516 So the poor hath hope and iniquity stoppeth her mouth

517 Behold happy is the man whom God correcteth therefore despise
not thou the chastening of the Almighty 518 For he maketh sore and
bindeth up he woundeth and his hands make whole

519 He shall deliver thee in six troubles yea in seven there shall
no evil touch thee

520 In famine he shall redeem thee from death and in war from the
power of the sword

