521 Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue neither shalt
thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh

522 At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh neither shalt thou be
afraid of the beasts of the earth

523 For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field and the
beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee

524 And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace and
thou shalt visit thy habitation and shalt not sin

525 Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great and thine
offspring as the grass of the earth

526 Thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age like as a shock of
corn cometh in in his season

527 Lo this we have searched it so it is hear it and know thou it
for thy good

61 But Job answered and said 62 Oh that my grief were throughly
weighed and my calamity laid in the balances together  63 For now
it would be heavier than the sand of the sea therefore my words are
swallowed up

64 For the arrows of the Almighty are within me the poison whereof
drinketh up my spirit the terrors of God do set themselves in array
against me

65 Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass or loweth the ox over
his fodder  66 Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt or
is there any taste in the white of an egg  67 The things that my
soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat

68 Oh that I might have my request and that God would grant me the
thing that I long for  69 Even that it would please God to destroy
me that he would let loose his hand and cut me off  610 Then
should I yet have comfort yea I would harden myself in sorrow let
him not spare for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One

611 What is my strength that I should hope and what is mine end
that I should prolong my life  612 Is my strength the strength of
stones or is my flesh of brass  613 Is not my help in me and is
wisdom driven quite from me  614 To him that is afflicted pity
should be shewed from his friend but he forsaketh the fear of the
Almighty

615 My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook and as the stream
of brooks they pass away 616 Which are blackish by reason of the
ice and wherein the snow is hid 617 What time they wax warm they
vanish when it is hot they are consumed out of their place

618 The paths of their way are turned aside they go to nothing and
perish

619 The troops of Tema looked the companies of Sheba waited for
them

620 They were confounded because they had hoped they came thither
and were ashamed

621 For now ye are nothing ye see my casting down and are afraid

622 Did I say Bring unto me or Give a reward for me of your
substance  623 Or Deliver me from the enemys hand or Redeem me
from the hand of the mighty  624 Teach me and I will hold my
tongue and cause me to understand wherein I have erred

625 How forcible are right words but what doth your arguing reprove
626 Do ye imagine to reprove words and the speeches of one that is
desperate which are as wind  627 Yea ye overwhelm the fatherless
and ye dig a pit for your friend

628 Now therefore be content look upon me for it is evident unto
you if I lie

629 Return I pray you let it not be iniquity yea return again my
righteousness is in it

630 Is there iniquity in my tongue cannot my taste discern perverse
things  71 Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth are not
his days also like the days of an hireling  72 As a servant
earnestly desireth the shadow and as an hireling looketh for the
reward of his work 73 So am I made to possess months of vanity and
wearisome nights are appointed to me

74 When I lie down I say When shall I arise and the night be gone
and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day

75 My flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust my skin is
broken and become loathsome

76 My days are swifter than a weavers shuttle and are spent without
hope

77 O remember that my life is wind mine eye shall no more see good

78 The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more thine eyes
are upon me and I am not
