darkness

1714 I have said to corruption Thou art my father to the worm Thou
art my mother and my sister

1715 And where is now my hope as for my hope who shall see it
1716 They shall go down to the bars of the pit when our rest
together is in the dust

181 Then answered Bildad the Shuhite and said 182 How long will it
be ere ye make an end of words mark and afterwards we will speak

183 Wherefore are we counted as beasts and reputed vile in your
sight  184 He teareth himself in his anger shall the earth be
forsaken for thee and shall the rock be removed out of his place
185 Yea the light of the wicked shall be put out and the spark of
his fire shall not shine

186 The light shall be dark in his tabernacle and his candle shall
be put out with him

187 The steps of his strength shall be straitened and his own
counsel shall cast him down

188 For he is cast into a net by his own feet and he walketh upon a
snare

189 The gin shall take him by the heel and the robber shall prevail
against him

1810 The snare is laid for him in the ground and a trap for him in
the way

1811 Terrors shall make him afraid on every side and shall drive him
to his feet

1812 His strength shall be hungerbitten and destruction shall be
ready at his side

1813 It shall devour the strength of his skin even the firstborn of
death shall devour his strength

1814 His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle and it
shall bring him to the king of terrors

1815 It shall dwell in his tabernacle because it is none of his
brimstone shall be scattered upon his habitation

1816 His roots shall be dried up beneath and above shall his branch
be cut off

1817 His remembrance shall perish from the earth and he shall have
no name in the street

1818 He shall be driven from light into darkness and chased out of
the world

1819 He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people nor any
remaining in his dwellings

1820 They that come after him shall be astonied at his day as they
that went before were affrighted

1821 Surely such are the dwellings of the wicked and this is the
place of him that knoweth not God

191 Then Job answered and said 192 How long will ye vex my soul
and break me in pieces with words  193 These ten times have ye
reproached me ye are not ashamed that ye make yourselves strange to
me

194 And be it indeed that I have erred mine error remaineth with
myself

195 If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me and plead
against me my reproach 196 Know now that God hath overthrown me and
hath compassed me with his net

197 Behold I cry out of wrong but I am not heard I cry aloud but
there is no judgment

198 He hath fenced up my way that I cannot pass and he hath set
darkness in my paths

199 He hath stripped me of my glory and taken the crown from my
head

1910 He hath destroyed me on every side and I am gone and mine hope
hath he removed like a tree

1911 He hath also kindled his wrath against me and he counteth me
unto him as one of his enemies

1912 His troops come together and raise up their way against me and
encamp round about my tabernacle

1913 He hath put my brethren far from me and mine acquaintance are
verily estranged from me

1914 My kinsfolk have failed and my familiar friends have forgotten
