thine iniquities infinite  226 For thou hast taken a pledge from thy
brother for nought and stripped the naked of their clothing

227 Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink and thou hast
withholden bread from the hungry

228 But as for the mighty man he had the earth and the honourable
man dwelt in it

229 Thou hast sent widows away empty and the arms of the fatherless
have been broken

2210 Therefore snares are round about thee and sudden fear troubleth
thee 2211 Or darkness that thou canst not see and abundance of
waters cover thee

2212 Is not God in the height of heaven and behold the height of the
stars how high they are  2213 And thou sayest How doth God know
can he judge through the dark cloud  2214 Thick clouds are a
covering to him that he seeth not and he walketh in the circuit of
heaven

2215 Hast thou marked the old way which wicked men have trodden
2216 Which were cut down out of time whose foundation was overflown
with a flood 2217 Which said unto God Depart from us and what can
the Almighty do for them  2218 Yet he filled their houses with good
things but the counsel of the wicked is far from me

2219 The righteous see it and are glad and the innocent laugh them
to scorn

2220 Whereas our substance is not cut down but the remnant of them
the fire consumeth

2221 Acquaint now thyself with him and be at peace thereby good
shall come unto thee

2222 Receive I pray thee the law from his mouth and lay up his
words in thine heart

2223 If thou return to the Almighty thou shalt be built up thou
shalt put away iniquity far from thy tabernacles

2224 Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust and the gold of Ophir as
the stones of the brooks

2225 Yea the Almighty shall be thy defence and thou shalt have
plenty of silver

2226 For then shalt thou have thy delight in the Almighty and shalt
lift up thy face unto God

2227 Thou shalt make thy prayer unto him and he shall hear thee and
thou shalt pay thy vows

2228 Thou shalt also decree a thing and it shall be established unto
thee and the light shall shine upon thy ways

2229 When men are cast down then thou shalt say There is lifting
up and he shall save the humble person

2230 He shall deliver the island of the innocent and it is delivered
by the pureness of thine hands

231 Then Job answered and said 232 Even to day is my complaint
bitter my stroke is heavier than my groaning

233 Oh that I knew where I might find him that I might come even to
his seat  234 I would order my cause before him and fill my mouth
with arguments

235 I would know the words which he would answer me and understand
what he would say unto me

236 Will he plead against me with his great power No but he would
put strength in me

237 There the righteous might dispute with him so should I be
delivered for ever from my judge

238 Behold I go forward but he is not there and backward but I
cannot perceive him 239 On the left hand where he doth work but I
cannot behold him he hideth himself on the right hand that I cannot
see him 2310 But he knoweth the way that I take when he hath tried
me I shall come forth as gold

2311 My foot hath held his steps his way have I kept and not
declined

2312 Neither have I gone back from the commandment of his lips I
have esteemed the words of his mouth more than my necessary food

2313 But he is in one mind and who can turn him and what his soul
desireth even that he doeth

2314 For he performeth the thing that is appointed for me and many
such things are with him

2315 Therefore am I troubled at his presence when I consider I am
afraid of him
