not rent under them

269 He holdeth back the face of his throne and spreadeth his cloud
upon it

2610 He hath compassed the waters with bounds until the day and
night come to an end

2611 The pillars of heaven tremble and are astonished at his reproof

2612 He divideth the sea with his power and by his understanding he
smiteth through the proud

2613 By his spirit he hath garnished the heavens his hand hath
formed the crooked serpent

2614 Lo these are parts of his ways but how little a portion is
heard of him but the thunder of his power who can understand  271
Moreover Job continued his parable and said 272 As God liveth who
hath taken away my judgment and the Almighty who hath vexed my soul
273 All the while my breath is in me and the spirit of God is in my
nostrils 274 My lips shall not speak wickedness nor my tongue utter
deceit

275 God forbid that I should justify you till I die I will not
remove mine integrity from me

276 My righteousness I hold fast and will not let it go my heart
shall not reproach me so long as I live

277 Let mine enemy be as the wicked and he that riseth up against me
as the unrighteous

278 For what is the hope of the hypocrite though he hath gained
when God taketh away his soul  279 Will God hear his cry when
trouble cometh upon him  2710 Will he delight himself in the
Almighty will he always call upon God  2711 I will teach you by the
hand of God that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal

2712 Behold all ye yourselves have seen it why then are ye thus
altogether vain  2713 This is the portion of a wicked man with God
and the heritage of oppressors which they shall receive of the
Almighty

2714 If his children be multiplied it is for the sword and his
offspring shall not be satisfied with bread

2715 Those that remain of him shall be buried in death and his
widows shall not weep

2716 Though he heap up silver as the dust and prepare raiment as the
clay 2717 He may prepare it but the just shall put it on and the
innocent shall divide the silver

2718 He buildeth his house as a moth and as a booth that the keeper
maketh

2719 The rich man shall lie down but he shall not be gathered he
openeth his eyes and he is not

2720 Terrors take hold on him as waters a tempest stealeth him away
in the night

2721 The east wind carrieth him away and he departeth and as a
storm hurleth him out of his place

2722 For God shall cast upon him and not spare he would fain flee
out of his hand

2723 Men shall clap their hands at him and shall hiss him out of his
place

281 Surely there is a vein for the silver and a place for gold where
they fine it

282 Iron is taken out of the earth and brass is molten out of the
stone

283 He setteth an end to darkness and searcheth out all perfection
the stones of darkness and the shadow of death

284 The flood breaketh out from the inhabitant even the waters
forgotten of the foot they are dried up they are gone away from men

285 As for the earth out of it cometh bread and under it is turned
up as it were fire

286 The stones of it are the place of sapphires and it hath dust of
gold

287 There is a path which no fowl knoweth and which the vultures
eye hath not seen 288 The lions whelps have not trodden it nor the
fierce lion passed by it

289 He putteth forth his hand upon the rock he overturneth the
mountains by the roots

2810 He cutteth out rivers among the rocks and his eye seeth every
precious thing

