
2925 I chose out their way and sat chief and dwelt as a king in the
army as one that comforteth the mourners

301 But now they that are younger than I have me in derision whose
fathers I would have disdained to have set with the dogs of my flock

302 Yea whereto might the strength of their hands profit me in whom
old age was perished  303 For want and famine they were solitary
fleeing into the wilderness in former time desolate and waste

304 Who cut up mallows by the bushes and juniper roots for their
meat

305 They were driven forth from among men they cried after them as
after a thief 306 To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys in caves
of the earth and in the rocks

307 Among the bushes they brayed under the nettles they were
gathered together

308 They were children of fools yea children of base men they were
viler than the earth

309 And now am I their song yea I am their byword

3010 They abhor me they flee far from me and spare not to spit in
my face

3011 Because he hath loosed my cord and afflicted me they have also
let loose the bridle before me

3012 Upon my right hand rise the youth they push away my feet and
they raise up against me the ways of their destruction

3013 They mar my path they set forward my calamity they have no
helper

3014 They came upon me as a wide breaking in of waters in the
desolation they rolled themselves upon me

3015 Terrors are turned upon me they pursue my soul as the wind and
my welfare passeth away as a cloud

3016 And now my soul is poured out upon me the days of affliction
have taken hold upon me

3017 My bones are pierced in me in the night season and my sinews
take no rest

3018 By the great force of my disease is my garment changed it
bindeth me about as the collar of my coat

3019 He hath cast me into the mire and I am become like dust and
ashes

3020 I cry unto thee and thou dost not hear me I stand up and thou
regardest me not

3021 Thou art become cruel to me with thy strong hand thou opposest
thyself against me

3022 Thou liftest me up to the wind thou causest me to ride upon it
and dissolvest my substance

3023 For I know that thou wilt bring me to death and to the house
appointed for all living

3024 Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the grave though
they cry in his destruction

3025 Did not I weep for him that was in trouble was not my soul
grieved for the poor  3026 When I looked for good then evil came
unto me and when I waited for light there came darkness

3027 My bowels boiled and rested not the days of affliction
prevented me

3028 I went mourning without the sun I stood up and I cried in the
congregation

3029 I am a brother to dragons and a companion to owls

3030 My skin is black upon me and my bones are burned with heat

3031 My harp also is turned to mourning and my organ into the voice
of them that weep

311 I made a covenant with mine eyes why then should I think upon a
maid  312 For what portion of God is there from above and what
inheritance of the Almighty from on high  313 Is not destruction to
the wicked and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity  314
Doth not he see my ways and count all my steps  315 If I have
walked with vanity or if my foot hath hasted to deceit 316 Let me
be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity

317 If my step hath turned out of the way and mine heart walked
after mine eyes and if any blot hath cleaved to mine hands 318 Then
let me sow and let another eat yea let my offspring be rooted out

