that convinced Job or that answered his words 3213 Lest ye should
say We have found out wisdom God thrusteth him down not man

3214 Now he hath not directed his words against me neither will I
answer him with your speeches

3215 They were amazed they answered no more they left off speaking

3216 When I had waited for they spake not but stood still and
answered no more 3217 I said I will answer also my part I also
will shew mine opinion

3218 For I am full of matter the spirit within me constraineth me

3219 Behold my belly is as wine which hath no vent it is ready to
burst like new bottles

3220 I will speak that I may be refreshed I will open my lips and
answer

3221 Let me not I pray you accept any mans person neither let me
give flattering titles unto man

3222 For I know not to give flattering titles in so doing my maker
would soon take me away

331 Wherefore Job I pray thee hear my speeches and hearken to all
my words

332 Behold now I have opened my mouth my tongue hath spoken in my
mouth

333 My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart and my lips
shall utter knowledge clearly

334 The spirit of God hath made me and the breath of the Almighty
hath given me life

335 If thou canst answer me set thy words in order before me stand
up

336 Behold I am according to thy wish in Gods stead I also am
formed out of the clay

337 Behold my terror shall not make thee afraid neither shall my
hand be heavy upon thee

338 Surely thou hast spoken in mine hearing and I have heard the
voice of thy words saying 339 I am clean without transgression I
am innocent neither is there iniquity in me

3310 Behold he findeth occasions against me he counteth me for his
enemy 3311 He putteth my feet in the stocks he marketh all my
paths

3312 Behold in this thou art not just I will answer thee that God
is greater than man

3313 Why dost thou strive against him for he giveth not account of
any of his matters

3314 For God speaketh once yea twice yet man perceiveth it not

3315 In a dream in a vision of the night when deep sleep falleth
upon men in slumberings upon the bed 3316 Then he openeth the ears
of men and sealeth their instruction 3317 That he may withdraw man
from his purpose and hide pride from man

3318 He keepeth back his soul from the pit and his life from
perishing by the sword

3319 He is chastened also with pain upon his bed and the multitude
of his bones with strong pain 3320 So that his life abhorreth bread
and his soul dainty meat

3321 His flesh is consumed away that it cannot be seen and his
bones that were not seen stick out

3322 Yea his soul draweth near unto the grave and his life to the
destroyers

3323 If there be a messenger with him an interpreter one among a
thousand to shew unto man his uprightness 3324 Then he is gracious
unto him and saith Deliver him from going down to the pit I have
found a ransom

3325 His flesh shall be fresher than a childs he shall return to
the days of his youth 3326 He shall pray unto God and he will be
favourable unto him and he shall see his face with joy for he will
render unto man his righteousness

3327 He looketh upon men and if any say I have sinned and
perverted that which was right and it profited me not 3328 He will
deliver his soul from going into the pit and his life shall see the
light

3329 Lo all these things worketh God oftentimes with man 3330 To
bring back his soul from the pit to be enlightened with the light of
the living

