me when I was in distress have mercy upon me and hear my prayer

42 O ye sons of men how long will ye turn my glory into shame how
long will ye love vanity and seek after leasing Selah

43 But know that the LORD hath set apart him that is godly for
himself the LORD will hear when I call unto him

44 Stand in awe and sin not commune with your own heart upon your
bed and be still Selah

45 Offer the sacrifices of righteousness and put your trust in the
LORD

46 There be many that say Who will shew us any good LORD lift thou
up the light of thy countenance upon us

47 Thou hast put gladness in my heart more than in the time that
their corn and their wine increased

48 I will both lay me down in peace and sleep for thou LORD only
makest me dwell in safety



51 Give ear to my words O LORD consider my meditation

52 Hearken unto the voice of my cry my King and my God for unto
thee will I pray

53 My voice shalt thou hear in the morning O LORD in the morning
will I direct my prayer unto thee and will look up

54 For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness neither
shall evil dwell with thee

55 The foolish shall not stand in thy sight thou hatest all workers
of iniquity

56 Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing the LORD will abhor
the bloody and deceitful man

57 But as for me I will come into thy house in the multitude of thy
mercy and in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple

58 Lead me O LORD in thy righteousness because of mine enemies
make thy way straight before my face

59 For there is no faithfulness in their mouth their inward part is
very wickedness their throat is an open sepulchre they flatter with
their tongue

510 Destroy thou them O God let them fall by their own counsels
cast them out in the multitude of their transgressions for they have
rebelled against thee

511 But let all those that put their trust in thee rejoice let them
ever shout for joy because thou defendest them let them also that
love thy name be joyful in thee

512 For thou LORD wilt bless the righteous with favour wilt thou
compass him as with a shield



61 O LORD rebuke me not in thine anger neither chasten me in thy
hot displeasure

62 Have mercy upon me O LORD for I am weak O LORD heal me for my
bones are vexed

63 My soul is also sore vexed but thou O LORD how long

64 Return O LORD deliver my soul oh save me for thy mercies sake

65 For in death there is no remembrance of thee in the grave who
shall give thee thanks

66 I am weary with my groaning all the night make I my bed to swim
I water my couch with my tears

67 Mine eye is consumed because of grief it waxeth old because of
all mine enemies

68 Depart from me all ye workers of iniquity for the LORD hath
heard the voice of my weeping

69 The LORD hath heard my supplication the LORD will receive my
prayer

610 Let all mine enemies be ashamed and sore vexed let them return
and be ashamed suddenly



71 O LORD my God in thee do I put my trust save me from all them
that persecute me and deliver me

72 Lest he tear my soul like a lion rending it in pieces while
there is none to deliver
