184 The sorrows of death compassed me and the floods of ungodly men
made me afraid

185 The sorrows of hell compassed me about the snares of death
prevented me

186 In my distress I called upon the LORD and cried unto my God he
heard my voice out of his temple and my cry came before him even
into his ears

187 Then the earth shook and trembled the foundations also of the
hills moved and were shaken because he was wroth

188 There went up a smoke out of his nostrils and fire out of his
mouth devoured coals were kindled by it

189 He bowed the heavens also and came down and darkness was under
his feet

1810 And he rode upon a cherub and did fly yea he did fly upon the
wings of the wind

1811 He made darkness his secret place his pavilion round about him
were dark waters and thick clouds of the skies

1812 At the brightness that was before him his thick clouds passed
hail stones and coals of fire

1813 The LORD also thundered in the heavens and the Highest gave his
voice hail stones and coals of fire

1814 Yea he sent out his arrows and scattered them and he shot out
lightnings and discomfited them

1815 Then the channels of waters were seen and the foundations of
the world were discovered at thy rebuke O LORD at the blast of the
breath of thy nostrils

1816 He sent from above he took me he drew me out of many waters

1817 He delivered me from my strong enemy and from them which hated
me for they were too strong for me

1818 They prevented me in the day of my calamity but the LORD was my
stay

1819 He brought me forth also into a large place he delivered me
because he delighted in me

1820 The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness according to
the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me

1821 For I have kept the ways of the LORD and have not wickedly
departed from my God

1822 For all his judgments were before me and I did not put away his
statutes from me

1823 I was also upright before him and I kept myself from mine
iniquity

1824 Therefore hath the LORD recompensed me according to my
righteousness according to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight

1825 With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful with an
upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright

1826 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure and with the froward
thou wilt shew thyself froward

1827 For thou wilt save the afflicted people but wilt bring down
high looks

1828 For thou wilt light my candle the LORD my God will enlighten my
darkness

1829 For by thee I have run through a troop and by my God have I
leaped over a wall

1830 As for God his way is perfect the word of the LORD is tried
he is a buckler to all those that trust in him

1831 For who is God save the LORD or who is a rock save our God

1832 It is God that girdeth me with strength and maketh my way
perfect

1833 He maketh my feet like hinds feet and setteth me upon my high
places

1834 He teacheth my hands to war so that a bow of steel is broken by
mine arms

1835 Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation and thy
right hand hath holden me up and thy gentleness hath made me great

1836 Thou hast enlarged my steps under me that my feet did not slip

1837 I have pursued mine enemies and overtaken them neither did I
turn again till they were consumed
