
755 Lift not up your horn on high speak not with a stiff neck

756 For promotion cometh neither from the east nor from the west
nor from the south

757 But God is the judge he putteth down one and setteth up
another

758 For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup and the wine is red
it is full of mixture and he poureth out of the same but the dregs
thereof all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out and drink
them

759 But I will declare for ever I will sing praises to the God of
Jacob

7510 All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off but the horns
of the righteous shall be exalted



761 In Judah is God known his name is great in Israel

762 In Salem also is his tabernacle and his dwelling place in Zion

763 There brake he the arrows of the bow the shield and the sword
and the battle Selah

764 Thou art more glorious and excellent than the mountains of prey

765 The stouthearted are spoiled they have slept their sleep and
none of the men of might have found their hands

766 At thy rebuke O God of Jacob both the chariot and horse are
cast into a dead sleep

767 Thou even thou art to be feared and who may stand in thy sight
when once thou art angry

768 Thou didst cause judgment to be heard from heaven the earth
feared and was still

769 When God arose to judgment to save all the meek of the earth
Selah

7610 Surely the wrath of man shall praise thee the remainder of
wrath shalt thou restrain

7611 Vow and pay unto the LORD your God let all that be round about
him bring presents unto him that ought to be feared

7612 He shall cut off the spirit of princes he is terrible to the
kings of the earth



771 I cried unto God with my voice even unto God with my voice and
he gave ear unto me

772 In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord my sore ran in the
night and ceased not my soul refused to be comforted

773 I remembered God and was troubled I complained and my spirit
was overwhelmed Selah

774 Thou holdest mine eyes waking I am so troubled that I cannot
speak

775 I have considered the days of old the years of ancient times

776 I call to remembrance my song in the night I commune with mine
own heart and my spirit made diligent search

777 Will the Lord cast off for ever and will he be favourable no
more

778 Is his mercy clean gone for ever doth his promise fail for
evermore

779 Hath God forgotten to be gracious hath he in anger shut up his
tender mercies Selah

7710 And I said This is my infirmity but I will remember the years
of the right hand of the most High

7711 I will remember the works of the LORD surely I will remember
thy wonders of old

7712 I will meditate also of all thy work and talk of thy doings

7713 Thy way O God is in the sanctuary who is so great a God as
our God

7714 Thou art the God that doest wonders thou hast declared thy
strength among the people

7715 Thou hast with thine arm redeemed thy people the sons of Jacob
and Joseph Selah

