
8410 For a day in thy courts is better than a thousand I had rather
be a doorkeeper in the house of my God than to dwell in the tents of
wickedness

8411 For the LORD God is a sun and shield the LORD will give grace
and glory no good thing will he withhold from them that walk
uprightly

8412 O LORD of hosts blessed is the man that trusteth in thee



851 Lord thou hast been favourable unto thy land thou hast brought
back the captivity of Jacob

852 Thou hast forgiven the iniquity of thy people thou hast covered
all their sin Selah

853 Thou hast taken away all thy wrath thou hast turned thyself from
the fierceness of thine anger

854 Turn us O God of our salvation and cause thine anger toward us
to cease

855 Wilt thou be angry with us for ever wilt thou draw out thine
anger to all generations

856 Wilt thou not revive us again that thy people may rejoice in
thee

857 Shew us thy mercy O LORD and grant us thy salvation

858 I will hear what God the LORD will speak for he will speak peace
unto his people and to his saints but let them not turn again to
folly

859 Surely his salvation is nigh them that fear him that glory may
dwell in our land

8510 Mercy and truth are met together righteousness and peace have
kissed each other

8511 Truth shall spring out of the earth and righteousness shall
look down from heaven

8512 Yea the LORD shall give that which is good and our land shall
yield her increase

8513 Righteousness shall go before him and shall set us in the way
of his steps



861 Bow down thine ear O LORD hear me for I am poor and needy

862 Preserve my soul for I am holy O thou my God save thy servant
that trusteth in thee

863 Be merciful unto me O Lord for I cry unto thee daily

864 Rejoice the soul of thy servant for unto thee O Lord do I lift
up my soul

865 For thou Lord art good and ready to forgive and plenteous in
mercy unto all them that call upon thee

866 Give ear O LORD unto my prayer and attend to the voice of my
supplications

867 In the day of my trouble I will call upon thee for thou wilt
answer me

868 Among the gods there is none like unto thee O Lord neither are
there any works like unto thy works

869 All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship before
thee O Lord and shall glorify thy name

8610 For thou art great and doest wondrous things thou art God
alone

8611 Teach me thy way O LORD I will walk in thy truth unite my
heart to fear thy name

8612 I will praise thee O Lord my God with all my heart and I will
glorify thy name for evermore

8613 For great is thy mercy toward me and thou hast delivered my
soul from the lowest hell

8614 O God the proud are risen against me and the assemblies of
violent men have sought after my soul and have not set thee before
them

8615 But thou O Lord art a God full of compassion and gracious
long suffering and plenteous in mercy and truth

8616 O turn unto me and have mercy upon me give thy strength unto
thy servant and save the son of thine handmaid
