987 Let the sea roar and the fulness thereof the world and they
that dwell therein

988 Let the floods clap their hands let the hills be joyful together

989 Before the LORD for he cometh to judge the earth with
righteousness shall he judge the world and the people with equity



991 The LORD reigneth let the people tremble he sitteth between the
cherubims let the earth be moved

992 The LORD is great in Zion and he is high above all the people

993 Let them praise thy great and terrible name for it is holy

994 The kings strength also loveth judgment thou dost establish
equity thou executest judgment and righteousness in Jacob

995 Exalt ye the LORD our God and worship at his footstool for he
is holy

996 Moses and Aaron among his priests and Samuel among them that
call upon his name they called upon the LORD and he answered them

997 He spake unto them in the cloudy pillar they kept his
testimonies and the ordinance that he gave them

998 Thou answeredst them O LORD our God thou wast a God that
forgavest them though thou tookest vengeance of their inventions

999 Exalt the LORD our God and worship at his holy hill for the
LORD our God is holy



1001 Make a joyful noise unto the LORD all ye lands

1002 Serve the LORD with gladness come before his presence with
singing

1003 Know ye that the LORD he is God it is he that hath made us and
not we ourselves we are his people and the sheep of his pasture

1004 Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with
praise be thankful unto him and bless his name

1005 For the LORD is good his mercy is everlasting and his truth
endureth to all generations



1011 I will sing of mercy and judgment unto thee O LORD will I
sing

1012 I will behave myself wisely in a perfect way O when wilt thou
come unto me I will walk within my house with a perfect heart

1013 I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes I hate the work of
them that turn aside it shall not cleave to me

1014 A froward heart shall depart from me I will not know a wicked
person

1015 Whoso privily slandereth his neighbour him will I cut off him
that hath an high look and a proud heart will not I suffer

1016 Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land that they may
dwell with me he that walketh in a perfect way he shall serve me

1017 He that worketh deceit shall not dwell within my house he that
telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight

1018 I will early destroy all the wicked of the land that I may cut
off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD



1021 Hear my prayer O LORD and let my cry come unto thee

1022 Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble
incline thine ear unto me in the day when I call answer me speedily

1023 For my days are consumed like smoke and my bones are burned as
an hearth

1024 My heart is smitten and withered like grass so that I forget
to eat my bread

1025 By reason of the voice of my groaning my bones cleave to my
skin

1026 I am like a pelican of the wilderness I am like an owl of the
desert

1027 I watch and am as a sparrow alone upon the house top

1028 Mine enemies reproach me all the day and they that are mad
against me are sworn against me
