10314 For he knoweth our frame he remembereth that we are dust

10315 As for man his days are as grass as a flower of the field so
he flourisheth

10316 For the wind passeth over it and it is gone and the place
thereof shall know it no more

10317 But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting
upon them that fear him and his righteousness unto childrens
children

10318 To such as keep his covenant and to those that remember his
commandments to do them

10319 The LORD hath prepared his throne in the heavens and his
kingdom ruleth over all

10320 Bless the LORD ye his angels that excel in strength that do
his commandments hearkening unto the voice of his word

10321 Bless ye the LORD all ye his hosts ye ministers of his that
do his pleasure

10322 Bless the LORD all his works in all places of his dominion
bless the LORD O my soul



1041 Bless the LORD O my soul O LORD my God thou art very great
thou art clothed with honour and majesty

1042 Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment who
stretchest out the heavens like a curtain

1043 Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters who maketh
the clouds his chariot who walketh upon the wings of the wind

1044 Who maketh his angels spirits his ministers a flaming fire

1045 Who laid the foundations of the earth that it should not be
removed for ever

1046 Thou coveredst it with the deep as with a garment the waters
stood above the mountains

1047 At thy rebuke they fled at the voice of thy thunder they hasted
away

1048 They go up by the mountains they go down by the valleys unto
the place which thou hast founded for them

1049 Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over that they
turn not again to cover the earth

10410 He sendeth the springs into the valleys which run among the
hills

10411 They give drink to every beast of the field the wild asses
quench their thirst

10412 By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation
which sing among the branches

10413 He watereth the hills from his chambers the earth is satisfied
with the fruit of thy works

10414 He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle and herb for the
service of man that he may bring forth food out of the earth

10415 And wine that maketh glad the heart of man and oil to make his
face to shine and bread which strengtheneth mans heart

10416 The trees of the LORD are full of sap the cedars of Lebanon
which he hath planted

10417 Where the birds make their nests as for the stork the fir
trees are her house

10418 The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats and the rocks
for the conies

10419 He appointed the moon for seasons the sun knoweth his going
down

10420 Thou makest darkness and it is night wherein all the beasts
of the forest do creep forth

10421 The young lions roar after their prey and seek their meat from
God

10422 The sun ariseth they gather themselves together and lay them
down in their dens

10423 Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the
evening

10424 O LORD how manifold are thy works in wisdom hast thou made
them all the earth is full of thy riches

