
10525 He turned their heart to hate his people to deal subtilly with
his servants

10526 He sent Moses his servant and Aaron whom he had chosen

10527 They shewed his signs among them and wonders in the land of
Ham

10528 He sent darkness and made it dark and they rebelled not
against his word

10529 He turned their waters into blood and slew their fish

10530 Their land brought forth frogs in abundance in the chambers of
their kings

10531 He spake and there came divers sorts of flies and lice in all
their coasts

10532 He gave them hail for rain and flaming fire in their land

10533 He smote their vines also and their fig trees and brake the
trees of their coasts

10534 He spake and the locusts came and caterpillers and that
without number

10535 And did eat up all the herbs in their land and devoured the
fruit of their ground

10536 He smote also all the firstborn in their land the chief of all
their strength

10537 He brought them forth also with silver and gold and there was
not one feeble person among their tribes

10538 Egypt was glad when they departed for the fear of them fell
upon them

10539 He spread a cloud for a covering and fire to give light in the
night

10540 The people asked and he brought quails and satisfied them
with the bread of heaven

10541 He opened the rock and the waters gushed out they ran in the
dry places like a river

10542 For he remembered his holy promise and Abraham his servant

10543 And he brought forth his people with joy and his chosen with
gladness

10544 And gave them the lands of the heathen and they inherited the
labour of the people

10545 That they might observe his statutes and keep his laws Praise
ye the LORD



1061 Praise ye the LORD O give thanks unto the LORD for he is good
for his mercy endureth for ever

1062 Who can utter the mighty acts of the LORD who can shew forth
all his praise

1063 Blessed are they that keep judgment and he that doeth
righteousness at all times

1064 Remember me O LORD with the favour that thou bearest unto thy
people O visit me with thy salvation

1065 That I may see the good of thy chosen that I may rejoice in the
gladness of thy nation that I may glory with thine inheritance

1066 We have sinned with our fathers we have committed iniquity we
have done wickedly

1067 Our fathers understood not thy wonders in Egypt they remembered
not the multitude of thy mercies but provoked him at the sea even at
the Red sea

1068 Nevertheless he saved them for his names sake that he might
make his mighty power to be known

1069 He rebuked the Red sea also and it was dried up so he led them
through the depths as through the wilderness

10610 And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them and
redeemed them from the hand of the enemy

10611 And the waters covered their enemies there was not one of them
left

10612 Then believed they his words they sang his praise

10613 They soon forgat his works they waited not for his counsel

