10911 Let the extortioner catch all that he hath and let the
strangers spoil his labour

10912 Let there be none to extend mercy unto him neither let there
be any to favour his fatherless children

10913 Let his posterity be cut off and in the generation following
let their name be blotted out

10914 Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the LORD
and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out

10915 Let them be before the LORD continually that he may cut off
the memory of them from the earth

10916 Because that he remembered not to shew mercy but persecuted
the poor and needy man that he might even slay the broken in heart

10917 As he loved cursing so let it come unto him as he delighted
not in blessing so let it be far from him

10918 As he clothed himself with cursing like as with his garment so
let it come into his bowels like water and like oil into his bones

10919 Let it be unto him as the garment which covereth him and for a
girdle wherewith he is girded continually

10920 Let this be the reward of mine adversaries from the LORD and
of them that speak evil against my soul

10921 But do thou for me O GOD the Lord for thy names sake
because thy mercy is good deliver thou me

10922 For I am poor and needy and my heart is wounded within me

10923 I am gone like the shadow when it declineth I am tossed up and
down as the locust

10924 My knees are weak through fasting and my flesh faileth of
fatness

10925 I became also a reproach unto them when they looked upon me
they shaked their heads

10926 Help me O LORD my God O save me according to thy mercy

10927 That they may know that this is thy hand that thou LORD hast
done it

10928 Let them curse but bless thou when they arise let them be
ashamed but let thy servant rejoice

10929 Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame and let them cover
themselves with their own confusion as with a mantle

10930 I will greatly praise the LORD with my mouth yea I will
praise him among the multitude

10931 For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor to save him
from those that condemn his soul



1101 The LORD said unto my Lord Sit thou at my right hand until I
make thine enemies thy footstool

1102 The LORD shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion rule
thou in the midst of thine enemies

1103 Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power in the
beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning thou hast the dew
of thy youth

1104 The LORD hath sworn and will not repent Thou art a priest for
ever after the order of Melchizedek

1105 The Lord at thy right hand shall strike through kings in the day
of his wrath

1106 He shall judge among the heathen he shall fill the places with
the dead bodies he shall wound the heads over many countries

1107 He shall drink of the brook in the way therefore shall he lift
up the head



1111 Praise ye the LORD I will praise the LORD with my whole heart
in the assembly of the upright and in the congregation

1112 The works of the LORD are great sought out of all them that
have pleasure therein

1113 His work is honourable and glorious and his righteousness
endureth for ever

1114 He hath made his wonderful works to be remembered the LORD is
gracious and full of compassion

1115 He hath given meat unto them that fear him he will ever be
