my supplications

1303 If thou LORD shouldest mark iniquities O Lord who shall
stand

1304 But there is forgiveness with thee that thou mayest be feared

1305 I wait for the LORD my soul doth wait and in his word do I
hope

1306 My soul waiteth for the Lord more than they that watch for the
morning I say more than they that watch for the morning

1307 Let Israel hope in the LORD for with the LORD there is mercy
and with him is plenteous redemption

1308 And he shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities



1311 Lord my heart is not haughty nor mine eyes lofty neither do I
exercise myself in great matters or in things too high for me

1312 Surely I have behaved and quieted myself as a child that is
weaned of his mother my soul is even as a weaned child

1313 Let Israel hope in the LORD from henceforth and for ever



1321 Lord remember David and all his afflictions

1322 How he sware unto the LORD and vowed unto the mighty God of
Jacob

1323 Surely I will not come into the tabernacle of my house nor go
up into my bed

1324 I will not give sleep to mine eyes or slumber to mine eyelids

1325 Until I find out a place for the LORD an habitation for the
mighty God of Jacob

1326 Lo we heard of it at Ephratah we found it in the fields of the
wood

1327 We will go into his tabernacles we will worship at his
footstool

1328 Arise O LORD into thy rest thou and the ark of thy strength

1329 Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness and let thy
saints shout for joy

13210 For thy servant Davids sake turn not away the face of thine
anointed

13211 The LORD hath sworn in truth unto David he will not turn from
it Of the fruit of thy body will I set upon thy throne

13212 If thy children will keep my covenant and my testimony that I
shall teach them their children shall also sit upon thy throne for
evermore

13213 For the LORD hath chosen Zion he hath desired it for his
habitation

13214 This is my rest for ever here will I dwell for I have desired
it

13215 I will abundantly bless her provision I will satisfy her poor
with bread

13216 I will also clothe her priests with salvation and her saints
shall shout aloud for joy

13217 There will I make the horn of David to bud I have ordained a
lamp for mine anointed

13218 His enemies will I clothe with shame but upon himself shall
his crown flourish



1331 Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell
together in unity

1332 It is like the precious ointment upon the head that ran down
upon the beard even Aarons beard that went down to the skirts of
his garments

1333 As the dew of Hermon and as the dew that descended upon the
mountains of Zion for there the LORD commanded the blessing even
life for evermore



1341 Behold bless ye the LORD all ye servants of the LORD which by
night stand in the house of the LORD

