
218 And Bathsheba said Well I will speak for thee unto the king

219 Bathsheba therefore went unto king Solomon to speak unto him for
Adonijah And the king rose up to meet her and bowed himself unto
her and sat down on his throne and caused a seat to be set for the
kings mother and she sat on his right hand

220 Then she said I desire one small petition of thee I pray thee
say me not nay And the king said unto her Ask on my mother for I
will not say thee nay

221 And she said Let Abishag the Shunammite be given to Adonijah thy
brother to wife

222 And king Solomon answered and said unto his mother And why dost
thou ask Abishag the Shunammite for Adonijah ask for him the kingdom
also for he is mine elder brother even for him and for Abiathar the
priest and for Joab the son of Zeruiah

223 Then king Solomon sware by the LORD saying God do so to me and
more also if Adonijah have not spoken this word against his own life

224 Now therefore as the LORD liveth which hath established me and
set me on the throne of David my father and who hath made me an
house as he promised Adonijah shall be put to death this day

225 And king Solomon sent by the hand of Benaiah the son of Jehoiada
and he fell upon him that he died

226 And unto Abiathar the priest said the king Get thee to Anathoth
unto thine own fields for thou art worthy of death but I will not at
this time put thee to death because thou barest the ark of the LORD
God before David my father and because thou hast been afflicted in
all wherein my father was afflicted

227 So Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being priest unto the LORD
that he might fulfil the word of the LORD which he spake concerning
the house of Eli in Shiloh

228 Then tidings came to Joab for Joab had turned after Adonijah
though he turned not after Absalom And Joab fled unto the tabernacle
of the LORD and caught hold on the horns of the altar

229 And it was told king Solomon that Joab was fled unto the
tabernacle of the LORD and behold he is by the altar Then Solomon
sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada saying Go fall upon him

230 And Benaiah came to the tabernacle of the LORD and said unto
him Thus saith the king Come forth And he said Nay but I will die
here And Benaiah brought the king word again saying Thus said Joab
and thus he answered me

231 And the king said unto him Do as he hath said and fall upon
him and bury him that thou mayest take away the innocent blood
which Joab shed from me and from the house of my father

232 And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head who fell
upon two men more righteous and better than he and slew them with the
sword my father David not knowing thereof to wit Abner the son of
Ner captain of the host of Israel and Amasa the son of Jether
captain of the host of Judah

233 Their blood shall therefore return upon the head of Joab and
upon the head of his seed for ever but upon David and upon his seed
and upon his house and upon his throne shall there be peace for ever
from the LORD

234 So Benaiah the son of Jehoiada went up and fell upon him and
slew him and he was buried in his own house in the wilderness

235 And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room over the
host and Zadok the priest did the king put in the room of Abiathar

236 And the king sent and called for Shimei and said unto him Build
thee an house in Jerusalem and dwell there and go not forth thence
any whither

237 For it shall be that on the day thou goest out and passest over
the brook Kidron thou shalt know for certain that thou shalt surely
die thy blood shall be upon thine own head

238 And Shimei said unto the king The saying is good as my lord the
king hath said so will thy servant do And Shimei dwelt in Jerusalem
many days

239 And it came to pass at the end of three years that two of the
servants of Shimei ran away unto Achish son of Maachah king of Gath
And they told Shimei saying Behold thy servants be in Gath

240 And Shimei arose and saddled his ass and went to Gath to Achish
to seek his servants and Shimei went and brought his servants from
Gath

241 And it was told Solomon that Shimei had gone from Jerusalem to
Gath and was come again

242 And the king sent and called for Shimei and said unto him Did I
not make thee to swear by the LORD and protested unto thee saying
Know for a certain on the day thou goest out and walkest abroad any
