14715 He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth his word runneth
very swiftly

14716 He giveth snow like wool he scattereth the hoarfrost like
ashes

14717 He casteth forth his ice like morsels who can stand before his
cold

14718 He sendeth out his word and melteth them he causeth his wind
to blow and the waters flow

14719 He sheweth his word unto Jacob his statutes and his judgments
unto Israel

14720 He hath not dealt so with any nation and as for his judgments
they have not known them Praise ye the LORD



1481 Praise ye the LORD Praise ye the LORD from the heavens praise
him in the heights

1482 Praise ye him all his angels praise ye him all his hosts

1483 Praise ye him sun and moon praise him all ye stars of light

1484 Praise him ye heavens of heavens and ye waters that be above
the heavens

1485 Let them praise the name of the LORD for he commanded and they
were created

1486 He hath also stablished them for ever and ever he hath made a
decree which shall not pass

1487 Praise the LORD from the earth ye dragons and all deeps

1488 Fire and hail snow and vapours stormy wind fulfilling his
word

1489 Mountains and all hills fruitful trees and all cedars

14810 Beasts and all cattle creeping things and flying fowl

14811 Kings of the earth and all people princes and all judges of
the earth

14812 Both young men and maidens old men and children

14813 Let them praise the name of the LORD for his name alone is
excellent his glory is above the earth and heaven

14814 He also exalteth the horn of his people the praise of all his
saints even of the children of Israel a people near unto him Praise
ye the LORD



1491 Praise ye the LORD Sing unto the LORD a new song and his
praise in the congregation of saints

1492 Let Israel rejoice in him that made him let the children of
Zion be joyful in their King

1493 Let them praise his name in the dance let them sing praises
unto him with the timbrel and harp

1494 For the LORD taketh pleasure in his people he will beautify the
meek with salvation

1495 Let the saints be joyful in glory let them sing aloud upon
their beds

1496 Let the high praises of God be in their mouth and a two-edged
sword in their hand

1497 To execute vengeance upon the heathen and punishments upon the
people

1498 To bind their kings with chains and their nobles with fetters
of iron

1499 To execute upon them the judgment written this honour have all
his saints Praise ye the LORD



1501 Praise ye the LORD Praise God in his sanctuary praise him in
the firmament of his power

1502 Praise him for his mighty acts praise him according to his
excellent greatness

1503 Praise him with the sound of the trumpet praise him with the
psaltery and harp

1504 Praise him with the timbrel and dance praise him with stringed
instruments and organs

