uprightness to walk in the ways of darkness 214 Who rejoice to do
evil and delight in the frowardness of the wicked 215 Whose ways
are crooked and they froward in their paths 216 To deliver thee
from the strange woman even from the stranger which flattereth with
her words 217 Which forsaketh the guide of her youth and forgetteth
the covenant of her God

218 For her house inclineth unto death and her paths unto the dead

219 None that go unto her return again neither take they hold of the
paths of life

220 That thou mayest walk in the way of good men and keep the paths
of the righteous

221 For the upright shall dwell in the land and the perfect shall
remain in it

222 But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth and the
transgressors shall be rooted out of it

31 My son forget not my law but let thine heart keep my
commandments 32 For length of days and long life and peace shall
they add to thee

33 Let not mercy and truth forsake thee bind them about thy neck
write them upon the table of thine heart 34 So shalt thou find
favour and good understanding in the sight of God and man

35 Trust in the LORD with all thine heart and lean not unto thine
own understanding

36 In all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths

37 Be not wise in thine own eyes fear the LORD and depart from
evil

38 It shall be health to thy navel and marrow to thy bones

39 Honour the LORD with thy substance and with the firstfruits of
all thine increase 310 So shall thy barns be filled with plenty and
thy presses shall burst out with new wine

311 My son despise not the chastening of the LORD neither be weary
of his correction 312 For whom the LORD loveth he correcteth even
as a father the son in whom he delighteth

313 Happy is the man that findeth wisdom and the man that getteth
understanding

314 For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of
silver and the gain thereof than fine gold

315 She is more precious than rubies and all the things thou canst
desire are not to be compared unto her

316 Length of days is in her right hand and in her left hand riches
and honour

317 Her ways are ways of pleasantness and all her paths are peace

318 She is a tree of life to them that lay hold upon her and happy
is every one that retaineth her

319 The LORD by wisdom hath founded the earth by understanding hath
he established the heavens

320 By his knowledge the depths are broken up and the clouds drop
down the dew

321 My son let not them depart from thine eyes keep sound wisdom
and discretion 322 So shall they be life unto thy soul and grace to
thy neck

323 Then shalt thou walk in thy way safely and thy foot shall not
stumble

324 When thou liest down thou shalt not be afraid yea thou shalt
lie down and thy sleep shall be sweet

325 Be not afraid of sudden fear neither of the desolation of the
wicked when it cometh

326 For the LORD shall be thy confidence and shall keep thy foot
from being taken

327 Withhold not good from them to whom it is due when it is in the
power of thine hand to do it

328 Say not unto thy neighbour Go and come again and to morrow I
will give when thou hast it by thee

329 Devise not evil against thy neighbour seeing he dwelleth
securely by thee

330 Strive not with a man without cause if he have done thee no
harm

331 Envy thou not the oppressor and choose none of his ways

