332 For the froward is abomination to the LORD but his secret is
with the righteous

333 The curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked but he
blesseth the habitation of the just

334 Surely he scorneth the scorners but he giveth grace unto the
lowly

335 The wise shall inherit glory but shame shall be the promotion of
fools

41 Hear ye children the instruction of a father and attend to know
understanding

42 For I give you good doctrine forsake ye not my law

43 For I was my fathers son tender and only beloved in the sight of
my mother

44 He taught me also and said unto me Let thine heart retain my
words keep my commandments and live

45 Get wisdom get understanding forget it not neither decline from
the words of my mouth

46 Forsake her not and she shall preserve thee love her and she
shall keep thee

47 Wisdom is the principal thing therefore get wisdom and with all
thy getting get understanding

48 Exalt her and she shall promote thee she shall bring thee to
honour when thou dost embrace her

49 She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace a crown of
glory shall she deliver to thee

410 Hear O my son and receive my sayings and the years of thy life
shall be many

411 I have taught thee in the way of wisdom I have led thee in right
paths

412 When thou goest thy steps shall not be straitened and when thou
runnest thou shalt not stumble

413 Take fast hold of instruction let her not go keep her for she
is thy life

414 Enter not into the path of the wicked and go not in the way of
evil men

415 Avoid it pass not by it turn from it and pass away

416 For they sleep not except they have done mischief and their
sleep is taken away unless they cause some to fall

417 For they eat the bread of wickedness and drink the wine of
violence

418 But the path of the just is as the shining light that shineth
more and more unto the perfect day

419 The way of the wicked is as darkness they know not at what they
stumble

420 My son attend to my words incline thine ear unto my sayings

421 Let them not depart from thine eyes keep them in the midst of
thine heart

422 For they are life unto those that find them and health to all
their flesh

423 Keep thy heart with all diligence for out of it are the issues
of life

424 Put away from thee a froward mouth and perverse lips put far
from thee

425 Let thine eyes look right on and let thine eyelids look straight
before thee

426 Ponder the path of thy feet and let all thy ways be established

427 Turn not to the right hand nor to the left remove thy foot from
evil

51 My son attend unto my wisdom and bow thine ear to my
understanding 52 That thou mayest regard discretion and that thy
lips may keep knowledge

53 For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb and her
mouth is smoother than oil 54 But her end is bitter as wormwood
sharp as a two-edged sword

55 Her feet go down to death her steps take hold on hell

56 Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life her ways are
