moveable that thou canst not know them

57 Hear me now therefore O ye children and depart not from the
words of my mouth

58 Remove thy way far from her and come not nigh the door of her
house 59 Lest thou give thine honour unto others and thy years unto
the cruel 510 Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth and thy
labours be in the house of a stranger 511 And thou mourn at the
last when thy flesh and thy body are consumed 512 And say How have
I hated instruction and my heart despised reproof 513 And have not
obeyed the voice of my teachers nor inclined mine ear to them that
instructed me  514 I was almost in all evil in the midst of the
congregation and assembly

515 Drink waters out of thine own cistern and running waters out of
thine own well

516 Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad and rivers of waters in
the streets

517 Let them be only thine own and not strangers with thee

518 Let thy fountain be blessed and rejoice with the wife of thy
youth

519 Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe let her breasts
satisfy thee at all times and be thou ravished always with her love

520 And why wilt thou my son be ravished with a strange woman and
embrace the bosom of a stranger  521 For the ways of man are before
the eyes of the LORD and he pondereth all his goings

522 His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself and he shall be
holden with the cords of his sins

523 He shall die without instruction and in the greatness of his
folly he shall go astray

61 My son if thou be surety for thy friend if thou hast stricken
thy hand with a stranger 62 Thou art snared with the words of thy
mouth thou art taken with the words of thy mouth

63 Do this now my son and deliver thyself when thou art come into
the hand of thy friend go humble thyself and make sure thy friend

64 Give not sleep to thine eyes nor slumber to thine eyelids

65 Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter and as a
bird from the hand of the fowler

66 Go to the ant thou sluggard consider her ways and be wise 67
Which having no guide overseer or ruler 68 Provideth her meat in
the summer and gathereth her food in the harvest

69 How long wilt thou sleep O sluggard when wilt thou arise out of
thy sleep  610 Yet a little sleep a little slumber a little
folding of the hands to sleep 611 So shall thy poverty come as one
that travelleth and thy want as an armed man

612 A naughty person a wicked man walketh with a froward mouth

613 He winketh with his eyes he speaketh with his feet he teacheth
with his fingers 614 Frowardness is in his heart he deviseth
mischief continually he soweth discord

615 Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly suddenly shall he be
broken without remedy

616 These six things doth the LORD hate yea seven are an
abomination unto him 617 A proud look a lying tongue and hands
that shed innocent blood 618 An heart that deviseth wicked
imaginations feet that be swift in running to mischief 619 A false
witness that speaketh lies and he that soweth discord among brethren

620 My son keep thy fathers commandment and forsake not the law of
thy mother 621 Bind them continually upon thine heart and tie them
about thy neck

622 When thou goest it shall lead thee when thou sleepest it shall
keep thee and when thou awakest it shall talk with thee

623 For the commandment is a lamp and the law is light and reproofs
of instruction are the way of life 624 To keep thee from the evil
woman from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman

625 Lust not after her beauty in thine heart neither let her take
thee with her eyelids

626 For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of
bread and the adultress will hunt for the precious life

627 Can a man take fire in his bosom and his clothes not be burned
628 Can one go upon hot coals and his feet not be burned  629 So
he that goeth in to his neighbours wife whosoever toucheth her shall
not be innocent

630 Men do not despise a thief if he steal to satisfy his soul when
he is hungry 631 But if he be found he shall restore sevenfold he
shall give all the substance of his house
