whither that thou shalt surely die and thou saidst unto me The word
that I have heard is good

243 Why then hast thou not kept the oath of the LORD and the
commandment that I have charged thee with  244 The king said
moreover to Shimei Thou knowest all the wickedness which thine heart
is privy to that thou didst to David my father therefore the LORD
shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head 245 And king Solomon
shall be blessed and the throne of David shall be established before
the LORD for ever

246 So the king commanded Benaiah the son of Jehoiada which went
out and fell upon him that he died And the kingdom was established
in the hand of Solomon

31 And Solomon made affinity with Pharaoh king of Egypt and took
Pharaohs daughter and brought her into the city of David until he
had made an end of building his own house and the house of the LORD
and the wall of Jerusalem round about

32 Only the people sacrificed in high places because there was no
house built unto the name of the LORD until those days

33 And Solomon loved the LORD walking in the statutes of David his
father only he sacrificed and burnt incense in high places

34 And the king went to Gibeon to sacrifice there for that was the
great high place a thousand burnt offerings did Solomon offer upon
that altar

35 In Gibeon the LORD appeared to Solomon in a dream by night and
God said Ask what I shall give thee

36 And Solomon said Thou hast shewed unto thy servant David my
father great mercy according as he walked before thee in truth and
in righteousness and in uprightness of heart with thee and thou hast
kept for him this great kindness that thou hast given him a son to
sit on his throne as it is this day

37 And now O LORD my God thou hast made thy servant king instead of
David my father and I am but a little child I know not how to go out
or come in

38 And thy servant is in the midst of thy people which thou hast
chosen a great people that cannot be numbered nor counted for
multitude

39 Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy
people that I may discern between good and bad for who is able to
judge this thy so great a people  310 And the speech pleased the
LORD that Solomon had asked this thing

311 And God said unto him Because thou hast asked this thing and
hast not asked for thyself long life neither hast asked riches for
thyself nor hast asked the life of thine enemies but hast asked for
thyself understanding to discern judgment 312 Behold I have done
according to thy words lo I have given thee a wise and an
understanding heart so that there was none like thee before thee
neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee

313 And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked both
riches and honour so that there shall not be any among the kings
like unto thee all thy days

314 And if thou wilt walk in my ways to keep my statutes and my
commandments as thy father David did walk then I will lengthen thy
days

315 And Solomon awoke and behold it was a dream And he came to
Jerusalem and stood before the ark of the covenant of the LORD and
offered up burnt offerings and offered peace offerings and made a
feast to all his servants

316 Then came there two women that were harlots unto the king and
stood before him

317 And the one woman said O my lord I and this woman dwell in one
house and I was delivered of a child with her in the house

318 And it came to pass the third day after that I was delivered
that this woman was delivered also and we were together there was no
stranger with us in the house save we two in the house

319 And this womans child died in the night because she overlaid
it

320 And she arose at midnight and took my son from beside me while
thine handmaid slept and laid it in her bosom and laid her dead
child in my bosom

321 And when I rose in the morning to give my child suck behold it
was dead but when I had considered it in the morning behold it was
not my son which I did bear

322 And the other woman said Nay but the living is my son and the
dead is thy son And this said No but the dead is thy son and the
living is my son Thus they spake before the king

323 Then said the king The one saith This is my son that liveth
and thy son is the dead and the other saith Nay but thy son is the
