sweet and bread eaten in secret is pleasant

918 But he knoweth not that the dead are there and that her guests
are in the depths of hell

101 The proverbs of Solomon A wise son maketh a glad father but a
foolish son is the heaviness of his mother

102 Treasures of wickedness profit nothing but righteousness
delivereth from death

103 The LORD will not suffer the soul of the righteous to famish but
he casteth away the substance of the wicked

104 He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand but the hand of
the diligent maketh rich

105 He that gathereth in summer is a wise son but he that sleepeth
in harvest is a son that causeth shame

106 Blessings are upon the head of the just but violence covereth
the mouth of the wicked

107 The memory of the just is blessed but the name of the wicked
shall rot

108 The wise in heart will receive commandments but a prating fool
shall fall

109 He that walketh uprightly walketh surely but he that perverteth
his ways shall be known

1010 He that winketh with the eye causeth sorrow but a prating fool
shall fall

1011 The mouth of a righteous man is a well of life but violence
covereth the mouth of the wicked

1012 Hatred stirreth up strifes but love covereth all sins

1013 In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found but
a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding

1014 Wise men lay up knowledge but the mouth of the foolish is near
destruction

1015 The rich mans wealth is his strong city the destruction of the
poor is their poverty

1016 The labour of the righteous tendeth to life the fruit of the
wicked to sin

1017 He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction but he that
refuseth reproof erreth

1018 He that hideth hatred with lying lips and he that uttereth a
slander is a fool

1019 In the multitude of words there wanteth not sin but he that
refraineth his lips is wise

1020 The tongue of the just is as choice silver the heart of the
wicked is little worth

1021 The lips of the righteous feed many but fools die for want of
wisdom

1022 The blessing of the LORD it maketh rich and he addeth no
sorrow with it

1023 It is as sport to a fool to do mischief but a man of
understanding hath wisdom

1024 The fear of the wicked it shall come upon him but the desire
of the righteous shall be granted

1025 As the whirlwind passeth so is the wicked no more but the
righteous is an everlasting foundation

1026 As vinegar to the teeth and as smoke to the eyes so is the
sluggard to them that send him

1027 The fear of the LORD prolongeth days but the years of the
wicked shall be shortened

1028 The hope of the righteous shall be gladness but the expectation
of the wicked shall perish

1029 The way of the LORD is strength to the upright but destruction
shall be to the workers of iniquity

1030 The righteous shall never be removed but the wicked shall not
inhabit the earth

1031 The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom but the froward
tongue shall be cut out

1032 The lips of the righteous know what is acceptable but the mouth
of the wicked speaketh frowardness

