fall

1619 Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly than to
divide the spoil with the proud

1620 He that handleth a matter wisely shall find good and whoso
trusteth in the LORD happy is he

1621 The wise in heart shall be called prudent and the sweetness of
the lips increaseth learning

1622 Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it but
the instruction of fools is folly

1623 The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth and addeth learning to
his lips

1624 Pleasant words are as an honeycomb sweet to the soul and
health to the bones

1625 There is a way that seemeth right unto a man but the end
thereof are the ways of death

1626 He that laboureth laboureth for himself for his mouth craveth
it of him

1627 An ungodly man diggeth up evil and in his lips there is as a
burning fire

1628 A froward man soweth strife and a whisperer separateth chief
friends

1629 A violent man enticeth his neighbour and leadeth him into the
way that is not good

1630 He shutteth his eyes to devise froward things moving his lips
he bringeth evil to pass

1631 The hoary head is a crown of glory if it be found in the way of
righteousness

1632 He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty and he that
ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city

1633 The lot is cast into the lap but the whole disposing thereof is
of the LORD

171 Better is a dry morsel and quietness therewith than an house
full of sacrifices with strife

172 A wise servant shall have rule over a son that causeth shame and
shall have part of the inheritance among the brethren

173 The fining pot is for silver and the furnace for gold but the
LORD trieth the hearts

174 A wicked doer giveth heed to false lips and a liar giveth ear to
a naughty tongue

175 Whoso mocketh the poor reproacheth his Maker and he that is glad
at calamities shall not be unpunished

176 Childrens children are the crown of old men and the glory of
children are their fathers

177 Excellent speech becometh not a fool much less do lying lips a
prince

178 A gift is as a precious stone in the eyes of him that hath it
whithersoever it turneth it prospereth

179 He that covereth a transgression seeketh love but he that
repeateth a matter separateth very friends

1710 A reproof entereth more into a wise man than an hundred stripes
into a fool

1711 An evil man seeketh only rebellion therefore a cruel messenger
shall be sent against him

1712 Let a bear robbed of her whelps meet a man rather than a fool
in his folly

1713 Whoso rewardeth evil for good evil shall not depart from his
house

1714 The beginning of strife is as when one letteth out water
therefore leave off contention before it be meddled with

1715 He that justifieth the wicked and he that condemneth the just
even they both are abomination to the LORD

1716 Wherefore is there a price in the hand of a fool to get wisdom
seeing he hath no heart to it  1717 A friend loveth at all times
and a brother is born for adversity

1718 A man void of understanding striketh hands and becometh surety
in the presence of his friend

1719 He loveth transgression that loveth strife and he that exalteth
