2111 When the scorner is punished the simple is made wise and when
the wise is instructed he receiveth knowledge

2112 The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked
but God overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness

2113 Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor he also shall
cry himself but shall not be heard

2114 A gift in secret pacifieth anger and a reward in the bosom
strong wrath

2115 It is joy to the just to do judgment but destruction shall be
to the workers of iniquity

2116 The man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall
remain in the congregation of the dead

2117 He that loveth pleasure shall be a poor man he that loveth wine
and oil shall not be rich

2118 The wicked shall be a ransom for the righteous and the
transgressor for the upright

2119 It is better to dwell in the wilderness than with a contentious
and an angry woman

2120 There is treasure to be desired and oil in the dwelling of the
wise but a foolish man spendeth it up

2121 He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life
righteousness and honour

2122 A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty and casteth down the
strength of the confidence thereof

2123 Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from
troubles

2124 Proud and haughty scorner is his name who dealeth in proud
wrath

2125 The desire of the slothful killeth him for his hands refuse to
labour

2126 He coveteth greedily all the day long but the righteous giveth
and spareth not

2127 The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination how much more when
he bringeth it with a wicked mind  2128 A false witness shall
perish but the man that heareth speaketh constantly

2129 A wicked man hardeneth his face but as for the upright he
directeth his way

2130 There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the
LORD

2131 The horse is prepared against the day of battle but safety is
of the LORD

221 A GOOD name is rather to be chosen than great riches and loving
favour rather than silver and gold

222 The rich and poor meet together the LORD is the maker of them
all

223 A prudent man foreseeth the evil and hideth himself but the
simple pass on and are punished

224 By humility and the fear of the LORD are riches and honour and
life

225 Thorns and snares are in the way of the froward he that doth
keep his soul shall be far from them

226 Train up a child in the way he should go and when he is old he
will not depart from it

227 The rich ruleth over the poor and the borrower is servant to the
lender

228 He that soweth iniquity shall reap vanity and the rod of his
anger shall fail

229 He that hath a bountiful eye shall be blessed for he giveth of
his bread to the poor

2210 Cast out the scorner and contention shall go out yea strife
and reproach shall cease

2211 He that loveth pureness of heart for the grace of his lips the
king shall be his friend

2212 The eyes of the LORD preserve knowledge and he overthroweth the
words of the transgressor

2213 The slothful man saith There is a lion without I shall be
slain in the streets

