
520 For he shall not much remember the days of his life because God
answereth him in the joy of his heart

61 There is an evil which I have seen under the sun and it is common
among men 62 A man to whom God hath given riches wealth and
honour so that he wanteth nothing for his soul of all that he
desireth yet God giveth him not power to eat thereof but a stranger
eateth it this is vanity and it is an evil disease

63 If a man beget an hundred children and live many years so that
the days of his years be many and his soul be not filled with good
and also that he have no burial I say that an untimely birth is
better than he

64 For he cometh in with vanity and departeth in darkness and his
name shall be covered with darkness

65 Moreover he hath not seen the sun nor known any thing this hath
more rest than the other

66 Yea though he live a thousand years twice told yet hath he seen
no good do not all go to one place  67 All the labour of man is for
his mouth and yet the appetite is not filled

68 For what hath the wise more than the fool what hath the poor
that knoweth to walk before the living  69 Better is the sight of
the eyes than the wandering of the desire this is also vanity and
vexation of spirit

610 That which hath been is named already and it is known that it is
man neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he

611 Seeing there be many things that increase vanity what is man the
better  612 For who knoweth what is good for man in this life all
the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow for who can
tell a man what shall be after him under the sun  71 A good name is
better than precious ointment and the day of death than the day of
ones birth

72 It is better to go to the house of mourning than to go to the
house of feasting for that is the end of all men and the living will
lay it to his heart

73 Sorrow is better than laughter for by the sadness of the
countenance the heart is made better

74 The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning but the heart
of fools is in the house of mirth

75 It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise than for a man to
hear the song of fools

76 For as the crackling of thorns under a pot so is the laughter of
the fool this also is vanity

77 Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad and a gift destroyeth the
heart

78 Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof and the
patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit

79 Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry for anger resteth in the
bosom of fools

710 Say not thou What is the cause that the former days were better
than these for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this

711 Wisdom is good with an inheritance and by it there is profit to
them that see the sun

712 For wisdom is a defence and money is a defence but the
excellency of knowledge is that wisdom giveth life to them that have
it

713 Consider the work of God for who can make that straight which
he hath made crooked  714 In the day of prosperity be joyful but in
the day of adversity consider God also hath set the one over against
the other to the end that man should find nothing after him

715 All things have I seen in the days of my vanity there is a just
man that perisheth in his righteousness and there is a wicked man
that prolongeth his life in his wickedness

716 Be not righteous over much neither make thyself over wise why
shouldest thou destroy thyself   717 Be not over much wicked
neither be thou foolish why shouldest thou die before thy time  718
It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this yea also from this
withdraw not thine hand for he that feareth God shall come forth of
them all

719 Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are
in the city

720 For there is not a just man upon earth that doeth good and
sinneth not

721 Also take no heed unto all words that are spoken lest thou hear
thy servant curse thee 722 For oftentimes also thine own heart
knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast cursed others
