as a raven

512 His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters washed
with milk and fitly set

513 His cheeks are as a bed of spices as sweet flowers his lips
like lilies dropping sweet smelling myrrh

514 His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl his belly is as
bright ivory overlaid with sapphires

515 His legs are as pillars of marble set upon sockets of fine gold
his countenance is as Lebanon excellent as the cedars

516 His mouth is most sweet yea he is altogether lovely This is my
beloved and this is my friend O daughters of Jerusalem

61 Whither is thy beloved gone O thou fairest among women whither
is thy beloved turned aside that we may seek him with thee

62 My beloved is gone down into his garden to the beds of spices to
feed in the gardens and to gather lilies

63 I am my beloveds and my beloved is mine he feedeth among the
lilies

64 Thou art beautiful O my love as Tirzah comely as Jerusalem
terrible as an army with banners

65 Turn away thine eyes from me for they have overcome me thy hair
is as a flock of goats that appear from Gilead

66 Thy teeth are as a flock of sheep which go up from the washing
whereof every one beareth twins and there is not one barren among
them

67 As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks

68 There are threescore queens and fourscore concubines and virgins
without number

69 My dove my undefiled is but one she is the only one of her
mother she is the choice one of her that bare her The daughters saw
her and blessed her yea the queens and the concubines and they
praised her

610 Who is she that looketh forth as the morning fair as the moon
clear as the sun and terrible as an army with banners  611 I went
down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley and to
see whether the vine flourished and the pomegranates budded

612 Or ever I was aware my soul made me like the chariots of
Amminadib

613 Return return O Shulamite return return that we may look
upon thee What will ye see in the Shulamite As it were the company
of two armies

71 How beautiful are thy feet with shoes O princes daughter the
joints of thy thighs are like jewels the work of the hands of a
cunning workman

72 Thy navel is like a round goblet which wanteth not liquor thy
belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lilies

73 Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins

74 Thy neck is as a tower of ivory thine eyes like the fishpools in
Heshbon by the gate of Bathrabbim thy nose is as the tower of
Lebanon which looketh toward Damascus

75 Thine head upon thee is like Carmel and the hair of thine head
like purple the king is held in the galleries

76 How fair and how pleasant art thou O love for delights  77
This thy stature is like to a palm tree and thy breasts to clusters
of grapes

78 I said I will go up to the palm tree I will take hold of the
boughs thereof now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine
and the smell of thy nose like apples 79 And the roof of thy mouth
like the best wine for my beloved that goeth down sweetly causing
the lips of those that are asleep to speak

710 I am my beloveds and his desire is toward me

711 Come my beloved let us go forth into the field let us lodge in
the villages

712 Let us get up early to the vineyards let us see if the vine
flourish whether the tender grape appear and the pomegranates bud
forth there will I give thee my loves

713 The mandrakes give a smell and at our gates are all manner of
pleasant fruits new and old which I have laid up for thee O my
beloved

81 O that thou wert as my brother that sucked the breasts of my
mother  when I should find thee without I would kiss thee yea I
should not be despised
