115 And when ye spread forth your hands I will hide mine eyes from
you yea when ye make many prayers I will not hear your hands are
full of blood

116 Wash you make you clean put away the evil of your doings from
before mine eyes cease to do evil 117 Learn to do well seek
judgment relieve the oppressed judge the fatherless plead for the
widow

118 Come now and let us reason together saith the LORD though your
sins be as scarlet they shall be as white as snow though they be red
like crimson they shall be as wool

119 If ye be willing and obedient ye shall eat the good of the land
120 But if ye refuse and rebel ye shall be devoured with the sword
for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it

121 How is the faithful city become an harlot it was full of
judgment righteousness lodged in it but now murderers

122 Thy silver is become dross thy wine mixed with water 123 Thy
princes are rebellious and companions of thieves every one loveth
gifts and followeth after rewards they judge not the fatherless
neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them

124 Therefore saith the LORD the LORD of hosts the mighty One of
Israel Ah I will ease me of mine adversaries and avenge me of mine
enemies 125 And I will turn my hand upon thee and purely purge away
thy dross and take away all thy tin 126 And I will restore thy
judges as at the first and thy counsellors as at the beginning
afterward thou shalt be called The city of righteousness the
faithful city

127 Zion shall be redeemed with judgment and her converts with
righteousness

128 And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall
be together and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed

129 For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired and
ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen

130 For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth and as a garden that
hath no water

131 And the strong shall be as tow and the maker of it as a spark
and they shall both burn together and none shall quench them

21 The word that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Judah and
Jerusalem

22 And it shall come to pass in the last days that the mountain of
the LORDs house shall be established in the top of the mountains and
shall be exalted above the hills and all nations shall flow unto it

23 And many people shall go and say Come ye and let us go up to the
mountain of the LORD to the house of the God of Jacob and he will
teach us of his ways and we will walk in his paths for out of Zion
shall go forth the law and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem

24 And he shall judge among the nations and shall rebuke many
people and they shall beat their swords into plowshares and their
spears into pruninghooks nation shall not lift up sword against
nation neither shall they learn war any more

25 O house of Jacob come ye and let us walk in the light of the
LORD

26 Therefore thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Jacob
because they be replenished from the east and are soothsayers like
the Philistines and they please themselves in the children of
strangers

27 Their land also is full of silver and gold neither is there any
end of their treasures their land is also full of horses neither is
there any end of their chariots 28 Their land also is full of idols
they worship the work of their own hands that which their own fingers
have made 29 And the mean man boweth down and the great man
humbleth himself therefore forgive them not

210 Enter into the rock and hide thee in the dust for fear of the
LORD and for the glory of his majesty

211 The lofty looks of man shall be humbled and the haughtiness of
men shall be bowed down and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that
day

212 For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is
proud and lofty and upon every one that is lifted up and he shall be
brought low 213 And upon all the cedars of Lebanon that are high
and lifted up and upon all the oaks of Bashan 214 And upon all the
high mountains and upon all the hills that are lifted up 215 And
upon every high tower and upon every fenced wall 216 And upon all
the ships of Tarshish and upon all pleasant pictures

217 And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down and the haughtiness
of men shall be made low and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that
day

218 And the idols he shall utterly abolish
