
93 Thou hast multiplied the nation and not increased the joy they
joy before thee according to the joy in harvest and as men rejoice
when they divide the spoil

94 For thou hast broken the yoke of his burden and the staff of his
shoulder the rod of his oppressor as in the day of Midian

95 For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise and
garments rolled in blood but this shall be with burning and fuel of
fire

96 For unto us a child is born unto us a son is given and the
government shall be upon his shoulder and his name shall be called
Wonderful Counsellor The mighty God The everlasting Father The
Prince of Peace

97 Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end
upon the throne of David and upon his kingdom to order it and to
establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for
ever The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform this

98 The Lord sent a word into Jacob and it hath lighted upon Israel

99 And all the people shall know even Ephraim and the inhabitant of
Samaria that say in the pride and stoutness of heart 910 The bricks
are fallen down but we will build with hewn stones the sycomores are
cut down but we will change them into cedars

911 Therefore the LORD shall set up the adversaries of Rezin against
him and join his enemies together 912 The Syrians before and the
Philistines behind and they shall devour Israel with open mouth For
all this his anger is not turned away but his hand is stretched out
still

913 For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them neither do
they seek the LORD of hosts

914 Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail branch
and rush in one day

915 The ancient and honourable he is the head and the prophet that
teacheth lies he is the tail

916 For the leaders of this people cause them to err and they that
are led of them are destroyed

917 Therefore the LORD shall have no joy in their young men neither
shall have mercy on their fatherless and widows for every one is an
hypocrite and an evildoer and every mouth speaketh folly For all
this his anger is not turned away but his hand is stretched out
still

918 For wickedness burneth as the fire it shall devour the briers
and thorns and shall kindle in the thickets of the forest and they
shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke

919 Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened and
the people shall be as the fuel of the fire no man shall spare his
brother

920 And he shall snatch on the right hand and be hungry and he
shall eat on the left hand and they shall not be satisfied they
shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm 921 Manasseh Ephraim
and Ephraim Manasseh and they together shall be against Judah For
all this his anger is not turned away but his hand is stretched out
still

101 Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees and that write
grievousness which they have prescribed 102 To turn aside the needy
from judgment and to take away the right from the poor of my people
that widows may be their prey and that they may rob the fatherless
103 And what will ye do in the day of visitation and in the
desolation which shall come from far to whom will ye flee for help
and where will ye leave your glory  104 Without me they shall bow
down under the prisoners and they shall fall under the slain For all
this his anger is not turned away but his hand is stretched out
still

105 O Assyrian the rod of mine anger and the staff in their hand is
mine indignation

106 I will send him against an hypocritical nation and against the
people of my wrath will I give him a charge to take the spoil and to
take the prey and to tread them down like the mire of the streets

107 Howbeit he meaneth not so neither doth his heart think so but
it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few

108 For he saith Are not my princes altogether kings  109 Is not
Calno as Carchemish is not Hamath as Arpad is not Samaria as
Damascus  1010 As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols and
whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria 1011
Shall I not as I have done unto Samaria and her idols so do to
Jerusalem and her idols  1012 Wherefore it shall come to pass that
when the Lord hath performed his whole work upon mount Zion and on
Jerusalem I will punish the fruit of the stout heart of the king of
Assyria and the glory of his high looks

1013 For he saith By the strength of my hand I have done it and by
