
119 They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain for the
earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD as the waters cover
the sea

1110 And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse which shall
stand for an ensign of the people to it shall the Gentiles seek and
his rest shall be glorious

1111 And it shall come to pass in that day that the Lord shall set
his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people
which shall be left from Assyria and from Egypt and from Pathros
and from Cush and from Elam and from Shinar and from Hamath and
from the islands of the sea

1112 And he shall set up an ensign for the nations and shall
assemble the outcasts of Israel and gather together the dispersed of
Judah from the four corners of the earth

1113 The envy also of Ephraim shall depart and the adversaries of
Judah shall be cut off Ephraim shall not envy Judah and Judah shall
not vex Ephraim

1114 But they shall fly upon the shoulders of the Philistines toward
the west they shall spoil them of the east together they shall lay
their hand upon Edom and Moab and the children of Ammon shall obey
them

1115 And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian
sea and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river
and shall smite it in the seven streams and make men go over dryshod

1116 And there shall be an highway for the remnant of his people
which shall be left from Assyria like as it was to Israel in the day
that he came up out of the land of Egypt

121 And in that day thou shalt say O LORD I will praise thee
though thou wast angry with me thine anger is turned away and thou
comfortedst me

122 Behold God is my salvation I will trust and not be afraid for
the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song he also is become my
salvation

123 Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of
salvation

124 And in that day shall ye say Praise the LORD call upon his
name declare his doings among the people make mention that his name
is exalted

125 Sing unto the LORD for he hath done excellent things this is
known in all the earth

126 Cry out and shout thou inhabitant of Zion for great is the Holy
One of Israel in the midst of thee

131 The burden of Babylon which Isaiah the son of Amoz did see

132 Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain exalt the voice unto
them shake the hand that they may go into the gates of the nobles

133 I have commanded my sanctified ones I have also called my mighty
ones for mine anger even them that rejoice in my highness

134 The noise of a multitude in the mountains like as of a great
people a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered
together the LORD of hosts mustereth the host of the battle

135 They come from a far country from the end of heaven even the
LORD and the weapons of his indignation to destroy the whole land

136 Howl ye for the day of the LORD is at hand it shall come as a
destruction from the Almighty

137 Therefore shall all hands be faint and every mans heart shall
melt 138 And they shall be afraid pangs and sorrows shall take hold
of them they shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth they shall
be amazed one at another their faces shall be as flames

139 Behold the day of the LORD cometh cruel both with wrath and
fierce anger to lay the land desolate and he shall destroy the
sinners thereof out of it

1310 For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not
give their light the sun shall be darkened in his going forth and
the moon shall not cause her light to shine

1311 And I will punish the world for their evil and the wicked for
their iniquity and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease
and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible

1312 I will make a man more precious than fine gold even a man than
the golden wedge of Ophir

1313 Therefore I will shake the heavens and the earth shall remove
out of her place in the wrath of the LORD of hosts and in the day of
his fierce anger

1314 And it shall be as the chased roe and as a sheep that no man
