taketh up they shall every man turn to his own people and flee every
one into his own land

1315 Every one that is found shall be thrust through and every one
that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword

1316 Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes
their houses shall be spoiled and their wives ravished

1317 Behold I will stir up the Medes against them which shall not
regard silver and as for gold they shall not delight in it

1318 Their bows also shall dash the young men to pieces and they
shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb their eyes shall not
spare children

1319 And Babylon the glory of kingdoms the beauty of the Chaldees
excellency shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah

1320 It shall never be inhabited neither shall it be dwelt in from
generation to generation neither shall the Arabian pitch tent there
neither shall the shepherds make their fold there

1321 But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there and their houses
shall be full of doleful creatures and owls shall dwell there and
satyrs shall dance there

1322 And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate
houses and dragons in their pleasant palaces and her time is near to
come and her days shall not be prolonged

141 For the LORD will have mercy on Jacob and will yet choose
Israel and set them in their own land and the strangers shall be
joined with them and they shall cleave to the house of Jacob

142 And the people shall take them and bring them to their place
and the house of Israel shall possess them in the land of the LORD for
servants and handmaids and they shall take them captives whose
captives they were and they shall rule over their oppressors

143 And it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give
thee rest from thy sorrow and from thy fear and from the hard
bondage wherein thou wast made to serve 144 That thou shalt take up
this proverb against the king of Babylon and say How hath the
oppressor ceased the golden city ceased  145 The LORD hath broken
the staff of the wicked and the sceptre of the rulers

146 He who smote the people in wrath with a continual stroke he that
ruled the nations in anger is persecuted and none hindereth

147 The whole earth is at rest and is quiet they break forth into
singing

148 Yea the fir trees rejoice at thee and the cedars of Lebanon
saying Since thou art laid down no feller is come up against us

149 Hell from beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at thy coming
it stirreth up the dead for thee even all the chief ones of the
earth it hath raised up from their thrones all the kings of the
nations

1410 All they shall speak and say unto thee Art thou also become
weak as we art thou become like unto us  1411 Thy pomp is brought
down to the grave and the noise of thy viols the worm is spread
under thee and the worms cover thee

1412 How art thou fallen from heaven O Lucifer son of the morning
how art thou cut down to the ground which didst weaken the nations
1413 For thou hast said in thine heart I will ascend into heaven I
will exalt my throne above the stars of God I will sit also upon the
mount of the congregation in the sides of the north 1414 I will
ascend above the heights of the clouds I will be like the most High

1415 Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell to the sides of the pit

1416 They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee and consider
thee saying Is this the man that made the earth to tremble that did
shake kingdoms 1417 That made the world as a wilderness and
destroyed the cities thereof that opened not the house of his
prisoners  1418 All the kings of the nations even all of them lie
in glory every one in his own house

1419 But thou art cast out of thy grave like an abominable branch
and as the raiment of those that are slain thrust through with a
sword that go down to the stones of the pit as a carcase trodden
under feet

1420 Thou shalt not be joined with them in burial because thou hast
destroyed thy land and slain thy people the seed of evildoers shall
never be renowned

1421 Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their
fathers that they do not rise nor possess the land nor fill the
face of the world with cities

1422 For I will rise up against them saith the LORD of hosts and
cut off from Babylon the name and remnant and son and nephew saith
the LORD

1423 I will also make it a possession for the bittern and pools of
