with their mouth and with their lips do honour me but have removed
their heart far from me and their fear toward me is taught by the
precept of men 2914 Therefore behold I will proceed to do a
marvellous work among this people even a marvellous work and a
wonder for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish and the
understanding of their prudent men shall be hid

2915 Woe unto them that seek deep to hide their counsel from the
LORD and their works are in the dark and they say Who seeth us and
who knoweth us  2916 Surely your turning of things upside down shall
be esteemed as the potters clay for shall the work say of him that
made it He made me not or shall the thing framed say of him that
framed it He had no understanding  2917 Is it not yet a very little
while and Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field and the
fruitful field shall be esteemed as a forest  2918 And in that day
shall the deaf hear the words of the book and the eyes of the blind
shall see out of obscurity and out of darkness

2919 The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD and the poor
among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel

2920 For the terrible one is brought to nought and the scorner is
consumed and all that watch for iniquity are cut off 2921 That make
a man an offender for a word and lay a snare for him that reproveth
in the gate and turn aside the just for a thing of nought

2922 Therefore thus saith the LORD who redeemed Abraham concerning
the house of Jacob Jacob shall not now be ashamed neither shall his
face now wax pale

2923 But when he seeth his children the work of mine hands in the
midst of him they shall sanctify my name and sanctify the Holy One
of Jacob and shall fear the God of Israel

2924 They also that erred in spirit shall come to understanding and
they that murmured shall learn doctrine

301 Woe to the rebellious children saith the LORD that take
counsel but not of me and that cover with a covering but not of my
spirit that they may add sin to sin 302 That walk to go down into
Egypt and have not asked at my mouth to strengthen themselves in the
strength of Pharaoh and to trust in the shadow of Egypt  303
Therefore shall the strength of Pharaoh be your shame and the trust
in the shadow of Egypt your confusion

304 For his princes were at Zoan and his ambassadors came to Hanes

305 They were all ashamed of a people that could not profit them nor
be an help nor profit but a shame and also a reproach

306 The burden of the beasts of the south into the land of trouble
and anguish from whence come the young and old lion the viper and
fiery flying serpent they will carry their riches upon the shoulders
of young asses and their treasures upon the bunches of camels to a
people that shall not profit them

307 For the Egyptians shall help in vain and to no purpose
therefore have I cried concerning this Their strength is to sit
still

308 Now go write it before them in a table and note it in a book
that it may be for the time to come for ever and ever 309 That this
is a rebellious people lying children children that will not hear
the law of the LORD 3010 Which say to the seers See not and to the
prophets Prophesy not unto us right things speak unto us smooth
things prophesy deceits 3011 Get you out of the way turn aside out
of the path cause the Holy One of Israel to cease from before us

3012 Wherefore thus saith the Holy One of Israel Because ye despise
this word and trust in oppression and perverseness and stay thereon
3013 Therefore this iniquity shall be to you as a breach ready to
fall swelling out in a high wall whose breaking cometh suddenly at
an instant

3014 And he shall break it as the breaking of the potters vessel
that is broken in pieces he shall not spare so that there shall not
be found in the bursting of it a sherd to take fire from the hearth
or to take water withal out of the pit

3015 For thus saith the Lord GOD the Holy One of Israel In
returning and rest shall ye be saved in quietness and in confidence
shall be your strength and ye would not

3016 But ye said No for we will flee upon horses therefore shall
ye flee and We will ride upon the swift therefore shall they that
pursue you be swift

3017 One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one at the rebuke of
five shall ye flee till ye be left as a beacon upon the top of a
mountain and as an ensign on an hill

3018 And therefore will the LORD wait that he may be gracious unto
you and therefore will he be exalted that he may have mercy upon
you for the LORD is a God of judgment blessed are all they that wait
for him

3019 For the people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem thou shalt weep
no more he will be very gracious unto thee at the voice of thy cry
when he shall hear it he will answer thee

