3020 And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity and the
water of affliction yet shall not thy teachers be removed into a
corner any more but thine eyes shall see thy teachers 3021 And
thine ears shall hear a word behind thee saying This is the way
walk ye in it when ye turn to the right hand and when ye turn to the
left

3022 Ye shall defile also the covering of thy graven images of
silver and the ornament of thy molten images of gold thou shalt cast
them away as a menstruous cloth thou shalt say unto it Get thee
hence

3023 Then shall he give the rain of thy seed that thou shalt sow the
ground withal and bread of the increase of the earth and it shall be
fat and plenteous in that day shall thy cattle feed in large
pastures

3024 The oxen likewise and the young asses that ear the ground shall
eat clean provender which hath been winnowed with the shovel and with
the fan

3025 And there shall be upon every high mountain and upon every high
hill rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter
when the towers fall

3026 Moreover the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun
and the light of the sun shall be sevenfold as the light of seven
days in the day that the LORD bindeth up the breach of his people
and healeth the stroke of their wound

3027 Behold the name of the LORD cometh from far burning with his
anger and the burden thereof is heavy his lips are full of
indignation and his tongue as a devouring fire 3028 And his breath
as an overflowing stream shall reach to the midst of the neck to
sift the nations with the sieve of vanity and there shall be a bridle
in the jaws of the people causing them to err

3029 Ye shall have a song as in the night when a holy solemnity is
kept and gladness of heart as when one goeth with a pipe to come
into the mountain of the LORD to the mighty One of Israel

3030 And the LORD shall cause his glorious voice to be heard and
shall shew the lighting down of his arm with the indignation of his
anger and with the flame of a devouring fire with scattering and
tempest and hailstones

3031 For through the voice of the LORD shall the Assyrian be beaten
down which smote with a rod

3032 And in every place where the grounded staff shall pass which
the LORD shall lay upon him it shall be with tabrets and harps and
in battles of shaking will he fight with it

3033 For Tophet is ordained of old yea for the king it is prepared
he hath made it deep and large the pile thereof is fire and much
wood the breath of the LORD like a stream of brimstone doth kindle
it

311 Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help and stay on horses
and trust in chariots because they are many and in horsemen because
they are very strong but they look not unto the Holy One of Israel
neither seek the LORD  312 Yet he also is wise and will bring evil
and will not call back his words but will arise against the house of
the evildoers and against the help of them that work iniquity

313 Now the Egyptians are men and not God and their horses flesh
and not spirit When the LORD shall stretch out his hand both he that
helpeth shall fall and he that is holpen shall fall down and they
all shall fail together

314 For thus hath the LORD spoken unto me Like as the lion and the
young lion roaring on his prey when a multitude of shepherds is
called forth against him he will not be afraid of their voice nor
abase himself for the noise of them so shall the LORD of hosts come
down to fight for mount Zion and for the hill thereof

315 As birds flying so will the LORD of hosts defend Jerusalem
defending also he will deliver it and passing over he will preserve
it

316 Turn ye unto him from whom the children of Israel have deeply
revolted

317 For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver
and his idols of gold which your own hands have made unto you for a
sin

318 Then shall the Assyrian fall with the sword not of a mighty man
and the sword not of a mean man shall devour him but he shall flee
from the sword and his young men shall be discomfited

319 And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear and his
princes shall be afraid of the ensign saith the LORD whose fire is
in Zion and his furnace in Jerusalem

321 Behold a king shall reign in righteousness and princes shall
rule in judgment

322 And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind and a covert
from the tempest as rivers of water in a dry place as the shadow of
