a great rock in a weary land

323 And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim and the ears of
them that hear shall hearken

324 The heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge and the
tongue of the stammerers shall be ready to speak plainly

325 The vile person shall be no more called liberal nor the churl
said to be bountiful

326 For the vile person will speak villany and his heart will work
iniquity to practise hypocrisy and to utter error against the LORD
to make empty the soul of the hungry and he will cause the drink of
the thirsty to fail

327 The instruments also of the churl are evil he deviseth wicked
devices to destroy the poor with lying words even when the needy
speaketh right

328 But the liberal deviseth liberal things and by liberal things
shall he stand

329 Rise up ye women that are at ease hear my voice ye careless
daughters give ear unto my speech

3210 Many days and years shall ye be troubled ye careless women for
the vintage shall fail the gathering shall not come

3211 Tremble ye women that are at ease be troubled ye careless
ones strip you and make you bare and gird sackcloth upon your
loins

3212 They shall lament for the teats for the pleasant fields for
the fruitful vine

3213 Upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers yea
upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city 3214 Because the
palaces shall be forsaken the multitude of the city shall be left
the forts and towers shall be for dens for ever a joy of wild asses
a pasture of flocks 3215 Until the spirit be poured upon us from on
high and the wilderness be a fruitful field and the fruitful field
be counted for a forest

3216 Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness and righteousness
remain in the fruitful field

3217 And the work of righteousness shall be peace and the effect of
righteousness quietness and assurance for ever

3218 And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation and in sure
dwellings and in quiet resting places 3219 When it shall hail
coming down on the forest and the city shall be low in a low place

3220 Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters that send forth
thither the feet of the ox and the ass

331 Woe to thee that spoilest and thou wast not spoiled and dealest
treacherously and they dealt not treacherously with thee when thou
shalt cease to spoil thou shalt be spoiled and when thou shalt make
an end to deal treacherously they shall deal treacherously with thee

332 O LORD be gracious unto us we have waited for thee be thou
their arm every morning our salvation also in the time of trouble

333 At the noise of the tumult the people fled at the lifting up of
thyself the nations were scattered

334 And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the
caterpiller as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon
them

335 The LORD is exalted for he dwelleth on high he hath filled Zion
with judgment and righteousness

336 And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times and
strength of salvation the fear of the LORD is his treasure

337 Behold their valiant ones shall cry without the ambassadors of
peace shall weep bitterly

338 The highways lie waste the wayfaring man ceaseth he hath broken
the covenant he hath despised the cities he regardeth no man

339 The earth mourneth and languisheth Lebanon is ashamed and hewn
down Sharon is like a wilderness and Bashan and Carmel shake off
their fruits

3310 Now will I rise saith the LORD now will I be exalted now will
I lift up myself

3311 Ye shall conceive chaff ye shall bring forth stubble your
breath as fire shall devour you

3312 And the people shall be as the burnings of lime as thorns cut
up shall they be burned in the fire

3313 Hear ye that are far off what I have done and ye that are
near acknowledge my might

