all my sins behind thy back

3818 For the grave cannot praise thee death can not celebrate thee
they that go down into the pit cannot hope for thy truth

3819 The living the living he shall praise thee as I do this day
the father to the children shall make known thy truth

3820 The LORD was ready to save me therefore we will sing my songs
to the stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of
the LORD

3821 For Isaiah had said Let them take a lump of figs and lay it
for a plaister upon the boil and he shall recover

3822 Hezekiah also had said What is the sign that I shall go up to
the house of the LORD  391 At that time Merodachbaladan the son of
Baladan king of Babylon sent letters and a present to Hezekiah for
he had heard that he had been sick and was recovered

392 And Hezekiah was glad of them and shewed them the house of his
precious things the silver and the gold and the spices and the
precious ointment and all the house of his armour and all that was
found in his treasures there was nothing in his house nor in all his
dominion that Hezekiah shewed them not

393 Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah and said unto
him What said these men and from whence came they unto thee And
Hezekiah said They are come from a far country unto me even from
Babylon

394 Then said he What have they seen in thine house And Hezekiah
answered All that is in mine house have they seen there is nothing
among my treasures that I have not shewed them

395 Then said Isaiah to Hezekiah Hear the word of the LORD of hosts
396 Behold the days come that all that is in thine house and that
which thy fathers have laid up in store until this day shall be
carried to Babylon nothing shall be left saith the LORD

397 And of thy sons that shall issue from thee which thou shalt
beget shall they take away and they shall be eunuchs in the palace
of the king of Babylon

398 Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah Good is the word of the LORD which
thou hast spoken He said moreover For there shall be peace and truth
in my days

401 Comfort ye comfort ye my people saith your God

402 Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem and cry unto her that her
warfare is accomplished that her iniquity is pardoned for she hath
received of the LORDs hand double for all her sins

403 The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness Prepare ye the
way of the LORD make straight in the desert a highway for our God

404 Every valley shall be exalted and every mountain and hill shall
be made low and the crooked shall be made straight and the rough
places plain 405 And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed and
all flesh shall see it together for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken
it

406 The voice said Cry And he said What shall I cry All flesh is
grass and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field
407 The grass withereth the flower fadeth because the spirit of the
LORD bloweth upon it surely the people is grass

408 The grass withereth the flower fadeth but the word of our God
shall stand for ever

409 O Zion that bringest good tidings get thee up into the high
mountain O Jerusalem that bringest good tidings lift up thy voice
with strength lift it up be not afraid say unto the cities of
Judah Behold your God  4010 Behold the Lord GOD will come with
strong hand and his arm shall rule for him behold his reward is
with him and his work before him

4011 He shall feed his flock like a shepherd he shall gather the
lambs with his arm and carry them in his bosom and shall gently lead
those that are with young

4012 Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand and
meted out heaven with the span and comprehended the dust of the earth
in a measure and weighed the mountains in scales and the hills in a
balance  4013 Who hath directed the Spirit of the LORD or being his
counsellor hath taught him  4014 With whom took he counsel and who
instructed him and taught him in the path of judgment and taught him
knowledge and shewed to him the way of understanding  4015 Behold
the nations are as a drop of a bucket and are counted as the small
dust of the balance behold he taketh up the isles as a very little
thing

4016 And Lebanon is not sufficient to burn nor the beasts thereof
sufficient for a burnt offering

4017 All nations before him are as nothing and they are counted to
him less than nothing and vanity

4018 To whom then will ye liken God or what likeness will ye compare
