of Israel I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles that
thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth

497 Thus saith the LORD the Redeemer of Israel and his Holy One to
him whom man despiseth to him whom the nation abhorreth to a servant
of rulers Kings shall see and arise princes also shall worship
because of the LORD that is faithful and the Holy One of Israel and
he shall choose thee

498 Thus saith the LORD In an acceptable time have I heard thee and
in a day of salvation have I helped thee and I will preserve thee
and give thee for a covenant of the people to establish the earth to
cause to inherit the desolate heritages 499 That thou mayest say to
the prisoners Go forth to them that are in darkness Shew
yourselves They shall feed in the ways and their pastures shall be
in all high places

4910 They shall not hunger nor thirst neither shall the heat nor sun
smite them for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them even by
the springs of water shall he guide them

4911 And I will make all my mountains a way and my highways shall be
exalted

4912 Behold these shall come from far and lo these from the north
and from the west and these from the land of Sinim

4913 Sing O heavens and be joyful O earth and break forth into
singing O mountains for the LORD hath comforted his people and will
have mercy upon his afflicted

4914 But Zion said The LORD hath forsaken me and my Lord hath
forgotten me

4915 Can a woman forget her sucking child that she should not have
compassion on the son of her womb yea they may forget yet will I
not forget thee

4916 Behold I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands thy walls
are continually before me

4917 Thy children shall make haste thy destroyers and they that made
thee waste shall go forth of thee

4918 Lift up thine eyes round about and behold all these gather
themselves together and come to thee As I live saith the LORD thou
shalt surely clothe thee with them all as with an ornament and bind
them on thee as a bride doeth

4919 For thy waste and thy desolate places and the land of thy
destruction shall even now be too narrow by reason of the
inhabitants and they that swallowed thee up shall be far away

4920 The children which thou shalt have after thou hast lost the
other shall say again in thine ears The place is too strait for me
give place to me that I may dwell

4921 Then shalt thou say in thine heart Who hath begotten me these
seeing I have lost my children and am desolate a captive and
removing to and fro and who hath brought up these Behold I was left
alone these where had they been  4922 Thus saith the Lord GOD
Behold I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles and set up my
standard to the people and they shall bring thy sons in their arms
and thy daughters shall be carried upon their shoulders

4923 And kings shall be thy nursing fathers and their queens thy
nursing mothers they shall bow down to thee with their face toward
the earth and lick up the dust of thy feet and thou shalt know that
I am the LORD for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me

4924 Shall the prey be taken from the mighty or the lawful captive
delivered  4925 But thus saith the LORD Even the captives of the
mighty shall be taken away and the prey of the terrible shall be
delivered for I will contend with him that contendeth with thee and
I will save thy children

4926 And I will feed them that oppress thee with their own flesh and
they shall be drunken with their own blood as with sweet wine and
all flesh shall know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer
the mighty One of Jacob

501 Thus saith the LORD Where is the bill of your mothers
divorcement whom I have put away or which of my creditors is it to
whom I have sold you  Behold for your iniquities have ye sold
yourselves and for your transgressions is your mother put away

502 Wherefore when I came was there no man when I called was
there none to answer Is my hand shortened at all that it cannot
redeem or have I no power to deliver behold at my rebuke I dry up
the sea I make the rivers a wilderness their fish stinketh because
there is no water and dieth for thirst

503 I clothe the heavens with blackness and I make sackcloth their
covering

504 The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned that I
should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary he
wakeneth morning by morning he wakeneth mine ear to hear as the
learned

