5510 For as the rain cometh down and the snow from heaven and
returneth not thither but watereth the earth and maketh it bring
forth and bud that it may give seed to the sower and bread to the
eater 5511 So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth it
shall not return unto me void but it shall accomplish that which I
please and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it

5512 For ye shall go out with joy and be led forth with peace the
mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing and
all the trees of the field shall clap their hands

5513 Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree and instead of
the brier shall come up the myrtle tree and it shall be to the LORD
for a name for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off

561 Thus saith the LORD Keep ye judgment and do justice for my
salvation is near to come and my righteousness to be revealed

562 Blessed is the man that doeth this and the son of man that
layeth hold on it that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it and
keepeth his hand from doing any evil

563 Neither let the son of the stranger that hath joined himself to
the LORD speak saying The LORD hath utterly separated me from his
people neither let the eunuch say Behold I am a dry tree

564 For thus saith the LORD unto the eunuchs that keep my sabbaths
and choose the things that please me and take hold of my covenant
565 Even unto them will I give in mine house and within my walls a
place and a name better than of sons and of daughters I will give
them an everlasting name that shall not be cut off

566 Also the sons of the stranger that join themselves to the LORD
to serve him and to love the name of the LORD to be his servants
every one that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it and taketh hold
of my covenant 567 Even them will I bring to my holy mountain and
make them joyful in my house of prayer their burnt offerings and
their sacrifices shall be accepted upon mine altar for mine house
shall be called an house of prayer for all people

568 The Lord GOD which gathereth the outcasts of Israel saith Yet
will I gather others to him beside those that are gathered unto him

569 All ye beasts of the field come to devour yea all ye beasts in
the forest

5610 His watchmen are blind they are all ignorant they are all dumb
dogs they cannot bark sleeping lying down loving to slumber

5611 Yea they are greedy dogs which can never have enough and they
are shepherds that cannot understand they all look to their own way
every one for his gain from his quarter

5612 Come ye say they I will fetch wine and we will fill ourselves
with strong drink and to morrow shall be as this day and much more
abundant

571 The righteous perisheth and no man layeth it to heart and
merciful men are taken away none considering that the righteous is
taken away from the evil to come

572 He shall enter into peace they shall rest in their beds each
one walking in his uprightness

573 But draw near hither ye sons of the sorceress the seed of the
adulterer and the whore

574 Against whom do ye sport yourselves against whom make ye a wide
mouth and draw out the tongue are ye not children of transgression
a seed of falsehood

575 Enflaming yourselves with idols under every green tree slaying
the children in the valleys under the clifts of the rocks  576 Among
the smooth stones of the stream is thy portion they they are thy
lot even to them hast thou poured a drink offering thou hast offered
a meat offering Should I receive comfort in these  577 Upon a lofty
and high mountain hast thou set thy bed even thither wentest thou up
to offer sacrifice

578 Behind the doors also and the posts hast thou set up thy
remembrance for thou hast discovered thyself to another than me and
art gone up thou hast enlarged thy bed and made thee a covenant with
them thou lovedst their bed where thou sawest it

579 And thou wentest to the king with ointment and didst increase
thy perfumes and didst send thy messengers far off and didst debase
thyself even unto hell

5710 Thou art wearied in the greatness of thy way yet saidst thou
not There is no hope thou hast found the life of thine hand
therefore thou wast not grieved

5711 And of whom hast thou been afraid or feared that thou hast
lied and hast not remembered me nor laid it to thy heart have not I
held my peace even of old and thou fearest me not  5712 I will
declare thy righteousness and thy works for they shall not profit
thee

5713 When thou criest let thy companies deliver thee but the wind
shall carry them all away vanity shall take them but he that putteth
