
597 Their feet run to evil and they make haste to shed innocent
blood their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity wasting and
destruction are in their paths

598 The way of peace they know not and there is no judgment in their
goings they have made them crooked paths whosoever goeth therein
shall not know peace

599 Therefore is judgment far from us neither doth justice overtake
us we wait for light but behold obscurity for brightness but we
walk in darkness

5910 We grope for the wall like the blind and we grope as if we had
no eyes we stumble at noon day as in the night we are in desolate
places as dead men

5911 We roar all like bears and mourn sore like doves we look for
judgment but there is none for salvation but it is far off from us

5912 For our transgressions are multiplied before thee and our sins
testify against us for our transgressions are with us and as for our
iniquities we know them 5913 In transgressing and lying against the
LORD and departing away from our God speaking oppression and revolt
conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood

5914 And judgment is turned away backward and justice standeth afar
off for truth is fallen in the street and equity cannot enter

5915 Yea truth faileth and he that departeth from evil maketh
himself a prey and the LORD saw it and it displeased him that there
was no judgment

5916 And he saw that there was no man and wondered that there was no
intercessor therefore his arm brought salvation unto him and his
righteousness it sustained him

5917 For he put on righteousness as a breastplate and an helmet of
salvation upon his head and he put on the garments of vengeance for
clothing and was clad with zeal as a cloak

5918 According to their deeds accordingly he will repay fury to his
adversaries recompence to his enemies to the islands he will repay
recompence

5919 So shall they fear the name of the LORD from the west and his
glory from the rising of the sun When the enemy shall come in like a
flood the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him

5920 And the Redeemer shall come to Zion and unto them that turn
from transgression in Jacob saith the LORD

5921 As for me this is my covenant with them saith the LORD My
spirit that is upon thee and my words which I have put in thy mouth
shall not depart out of thy mouth nor out of the mouth of thy seed
nor out of the mouth of thy seeds seed saith the LORD from
henceforth and for ever

601 Arise shine for thy light is come and the glory of the LORD is
risen upon thee

602 For behold the darkness shall cover the earth and gross
darkness the people but the LORD shall arise upon thee and his glory
shall be seen upon thee

603 And the Gentiles shall come to thy light and kings to the
brightness of thy rising

604 Lift up thine eyes round about and see all they gather
themselves together they come to thee thy sons shall come from far
and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side

605 Then thou shalt see and flow together and thine heart shall
fear and be enlarged because the abundance of the sea shall be
converted unto thee the forces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee

606 The multitude of camels shall cover thee the dromedaries of
Midian and Ephah all they from Sheba shall come they shall bring
gold and incense and they shall shew forth the praises of the LORD

607 All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together unto thee the
rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee they shall come up with
acceptance on mine altar and I will glorify the house of my glory

608 Who are these that fly as a cloud and as the doves to their
windows  609 Surely the isles shall wait for me and the ships of
Tarshish first to bring thy sons from far their silver and their
gold with them unto the name of the LORD thy God and to the Holy One
of Israel because he hath glorified thee

6010 And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls and their
kings shall minister unto thee for in my wrath I smote thee but in
my favour have I had mercy on thee

6011 Therefore thy gates shall be open continually they shall not be
shut day nor night that men may bring unto thee the forces of the
Gentiles and that their kings may be brought

6012 For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall
perish yea those nations shall be utterly wasted
