
6013 The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee the fir tree the
pine tree and the box together to beautify the place of my
sanctuary and I will make the place of my feet glorious

6014 The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending
unto thee and all they that despised thee shall bow themselves down
at the soles of thy feet and they shall call thee The city of the
LORD The Zion of the Holy One of Israel

6015 Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated so that no man went
through thee I will make thee an eternal excellency a joy of many
generations

6016 Thou shalt also suck the milk of the Gentiles and shalt suck
the breast of kings and thou shalt know that I the LORD am thy
Saviour and thy Redeemer the mighty One of Jacob

6017 For brass I will bring gold and for iron I will bring silver
and for wood brass and for stones iron I will also make thy officers
peace and thine exactors righteousness

6018 Violence shall no more be heard in thy land wasting nor
destruction within thy borders but thou shalt call thy walls
Salvation and thy gates Praise

6019 The sun shall be no more thy light by day neither for
brightness shall the moon give light unto thee but the LORD shall be
unto thee an everlasting light and thy God thy glory

6020 Thy sun shall no more go down neither shall thy moon withdraw
itself for the LORD shall be thine everlasting light and the days of
thy mourning shall be ended

6021 Thy people also shall be all righteous they shall inherit the
land for ever the branch of my planting the work of my hands that I
may be glorified

6022 A little one shall become a thousand and a small one a strong
nation I the LORD will hasten it in his time

611 The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me because the LORD hath
anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek he hath sent me to
bind up the brokenhearted to proclaim liberty to the captives and
the opening of the prison to them that are bound 612 To proclaim the
acceptable year of the LORD and the day of vengeance of our God to
comfort all that mourn 613 To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion
to give unto them beauty for ashes the oil of joy for mourning the
garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness that they might be
called trees of righteousness the planting of the LORD that he might
be glorified

614 And they shall build the old wastes they shall raise up the
former desolations and they shall repair the waste cities the
desolations of many generations

615 And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks and the sons of
the alien shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers

616 But ye shall be named the Priests of the LORD men shall call you
the Ministers of our God ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles and
in their glory shall ye boast yourselves

617 For your shame ye shall have double and for confusion they shall
rejoice in their portion therefore in their land they shall possess
the double everlasting joy shall be unto them

618 For I the LORD love judgment I hate robbery for burnt offering
and I will direct their work in truth and I will make an everlasting
covenant with them

619 And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles and their
offspring among the people all that see them shall acknowledge them
that they are the seed which the LORD hath blessed

6110 I will greatly rejoice in the LORD my soul shall be joyful in
my God for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation he hath
covered me with the robe of righteousness as a bridegroom decketh
himself with ornaments and as a bride adorneth herself with her
jewels

6111 For as the earth bringeth forth her bud and as the garden
causeth the things that are sown in it to spring forth so the Lord
GOD will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the
nations

621 For Zions sake will I not hold my peace and for Jerusalems
sake I will not rest until the righteousness thereof go forth as
brightness and the salvation thereof as a lamp that burneth

622 And the Gentiles shall see thy righteousness and all kings thy
glory and thou shalt be called by a new name which the mouth of the
LORD shall name

623 Thou shalt also be a crown of glory in the hand of the LORD and
a royal diadem in the hand of thy God

624 Thou shalt no more be termed Forsaken neither shall thy land any
more be termed Desolate but thou shalt be called Hephzibah and thy
land Beulah for the LORD delighteth in thee and thy land shall be
