married

625 For as a young man marrieth a virgin so shall thy sons marry
thee and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride so shall thy God
rejoice over thee

626 I have set watchmen upon thy walls O Jerusalem which shall
never hold their peace day nor night ye that make mention of the
LORD keep not silence 627 And give him no rest till he establish
and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth

628 The LORD hath sworn by his right hand and by the arm of his
strength Surely I will no more give thy corn to be meat for thine
enemies and the sons of the stranger shall not drink thy wine for
the which thou hast laboured 629 But they that have gathered it
shall eat it and praise the LORD and they that have brought it
together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness

6210 Go through go through the gates prepare ye the way of the
people cast up cast up the highway gather out the stones lift up a
standard for the people

6211 Behold the LORD hath proclaimed unto the end of the world Say
ye to the daughter of Zion Behold thy salvation cometh behold his
reward is with him and his work before him

6212 And they shall call them The holy people The redeemed of the
LORD and thou shalt be called Sought out A city not forsaken

631 Who is this that cometh from Edom with dyed garments from
Bozrah  this that is glorious in his apparel travelling in the
greatness of his strength I that speak in righteousness mighty to
save

632 Wherefore art thou red in thine apparel and thy garments like
him that treadeth in the winefat  633 I have trodden the winepress
alone and of the people there was none with me for I will tread them
in mine anger and trample them in my fury and their blood shall be
sprinkled upon my garments and I will stain all my raiment

634 For the day of vengeance is in mine heart and the year of my
redeemed is come

635 And I looked and there was none to help and I wondered that
there was none to uphold therefore mine own arm brought salvation
unto me and my fury it upheld me

636 And I will tread down the people in mine anger and make them
drunk in my fury and I will bring down their strength to the earth

637 I will mention the lovingkindnesses of the LORD and the praises
of the LORD according to all that the LORD hath bestowed on us and
the great goodness toward the house of Israel which he hath bestowed
on them according to his mercies and according to the multitude of
his lovingkindnesses

638 For he said Surely they are my people children that will not
lie so he was their Saviour

639 In all their affliction he was afflicted and the angel of his
presence saved them in his love and in his pity he redeemed them and
he bare them and carried them all the days of old

6310 But they rebelled and vexed his holy Spirit therefore he was
turned to be their enemy and he fought against them

6311 Then he remembered the days of old Moses and his people
saying Where is he that brought them up out of the sea with the
shepherd of his flock where is he that put his holy Spirit within
him  6312 That led them by the right hand of Moses with his glorious
arm dividing the water before them to make himself an everlasting
name  6313 That led them through the deep as an horse in the
wilderness that they should not stumble  6314 As a beast goeth down
into the valley the Spirit of the LORD caused him to rest so didst
thou lead thy people to make thyself a glorious name

6315 Look down from heaven and behold from the habitation of thy
holiness and of thy glory where is thy zeal and thy strength the
sounding of thy bowels and of thy mercies toward me are they
restrained  6316 Doubtless thou art our father though Abraham be
ignorant of us and Israel acknowledge us not thou O LORD art our
father our redeemer thy name is from everlasting

6317 O LORD why hast thou made us to err from thy ways and hardened
our heart from thy fear Return for thy servants sake the tribes of
thine inheritance

6318 The people of thy holiness have possessed it but a little while
our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary

6319 We are thine thou never barest rule over them they were not
called by thy name

641 Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens that thou wouldest come
down that the mountains might flow down at thy presence 642 As when
the melting fire burneth the fire causeth the waters to boil to make
thy name known to thine adversaries that the nations may tremble at
thy presence  643 When thou didst terrible things which we looked
not for thou camest down the mountains flowed down at thy presence

