
620 To what purpose cometh there to me incense from Sheba and the
sweet cane from a far country your burnt offerings are not
acceptable nor your sacrifices sweet unto me

621 Therefore thus saith the LORD Behold I will lay stumblingblocks
before this people and the fathers and the sons together shall fall
upon them the neighbour and his friend shall perish

622 Thus saith the LORD Behold a people cometh from the north
country and a great nation shall be raised from the sides of the
earth

623 They shall lay hold on bow and spear they are cruel and have no
mercy their voice roareth like the sea and they ride upon horses
set in array as men for war against thee O daughter of Zion

624 We have heard the fame thereof our hands wax feeble anguish
hath taken hold of us and pain as of a woman in travail

625 Go not forth into the field nor walk by the way for the sword
of the enemy and fear is on every side

626 O daughter of my people gird thee with sackcloth and wallow
thyself in ashes make thee mourning as for an only son most bitter
lamentation for the spoiler shall suddenly come upon us

627 I have set thee for a tower and a fortress among my people that
thou mayest know and try their way

628 They are all grievous revolters walking with slanders they are
brass and iron they are all corrupters

629 The bellows are burned the lead is consumed of the fire the
founder melteth in vain for the wicked are not plucked away

630 Reprobate silver shall men call them because the LORD hath
rejected them

71 The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD saying 72 Stand in
the gate of the LORDs house and proclaim there this word and say
Hear the word of the LORD all ye of Judah that enter in at these
gates to worship the LORD

73 Thus saith the LORD of hosts the God of Israel Amend your ways
and your doings and I will cause you to dwell in this place

74 Trust ye not in lying words saying The temple of the LORD The
temple of the LORD The temple of the LORD are these

75 For if ye throughly amend your ways and your doings if ye
throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour 76 If ye
oppress not the stranger the fatherless and the widow and shed not
innocent blood in this place neither walk after other gods to your
hurt 77 Then will I cause you to dwell in this place in the land
that I gave to your fathers for ever and ever

78 Behold ye trust in lying words that cannot profit

79 Will ye steal murder and commit adultery and swear falsely and
burn incense unto Baal and walk after other gods whom ye know not
710 And come and stand before me in this house which is called by my
name and say We are delivered to do all these abominations  711 Is
this house which is called by my name become a den of robbers in
your eyes Behold even I have seen it saith the LORD

712 But go ye now unto my place which was in Shiloh where I set my
name at the first and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my
people Israel

713 And now because ye have done all these works saith the LORD
and I spake unto you rising up early and speaking but ye heard not
and I called you but ye answered not 714 Therefore will I do unto
this house which is called by my name wherein ye trust and unto the
place which I gave to you and to your fathers as I have done to
Shiloh

715 And I will cast you out of my sight as I have cast out all your
brethren even the whole seed of Ephraim

716 Therefore pray not thou for this people neither lift up cry nor
prayer for them neither make intercession to me for I will not hear
thee

717 Seest thou not what they do in the cities of Judah and in the
streets of Jerusalem  718 The children gather wood and the fathers
kindle the fire and the women knead their dough to make cakes to the
queen of heaven and to pour out drink offerings unto other gods that
they may provoke me to anger

719 Do they provoke me to anger saith the LORD do they not provoke
themselves to the confusion of their own faces  720 Therefore thus
saith the Lord GOD Behold mine anger and my fury shall be poured out
upon this place upon man and upon beast and upon the trees of the
field and upon the fruit of the ground and it shall burn and shall
not be quenched

721 Thus saith the LORD of hosts the God of Israel Put your burnt
offerings unto your sacrifices and eat flesh

