814 Why do we sit still assemble yourselves and let us enter into
the defenced cities and let us be silent there for the LORD our God
hath put us to silence and given us water of gall to drink because
we have sinned against the LORD

815 We looked for peace but no good came and for a time of health
and behold trouble  816 The snorting of his horses was heard from
Dan the whole land trembled at the sound of the neighing of his
strong ones for they are come and have devoured the land and all
that is in it the city and those that dwell therein

817 For behold I will send serpents cockatrices among you which
will not be charmed and they shall bite you saith the LORD

818 When I would comfort myself against sorrow my heart is faint in
me

819 Behold the voice of the cry of the daughter of my people because
of them that dwell in a far country Is not the LORD in Zion is not
her king in her Why have they provoked me to anger with their graven
images and with strange vanities  820 The harvest is past the
summer is ended and we are not saved

821 For the hurt of the daughter of my people am I hurt I am black
astonishment hath taken hold on me

822 Is there no balm in Gilead is there no physician there why then
is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered  91 Oh that
my head were waters and mine eyes a fountain of tears that I might
weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people  92 Oh
that I had in the wilderness a lodging place of wayfaring men that I
might leave my people and go from them for they be all adulterers
an assembly of treacherous men

93 And they bend their tongues like their bow for lies but they are
not valiant for the truth upon the earth for they proceed from evil
to evil and they know not me saith the LORD

94 Take ye heed every one of his neighbour and trust ye not in any
brother for every brother will utterly supplant and every neighbour
will walk with slanders

95 And they will deceive every one his neighbour and will not speak
the truth they have taught their tongue to speak lies and weary
themselves to commit iniquity

96 Thine habitation is in the midst of deceit through deceit they
refuse to know me saith the LORD

97 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts Behold I will melt them
and try them for how shall I do for the daughter of my people  98
Their tongue is as an arrow shot out it speaketh deceit one speaketh
peaceably to his neighbour with his mouth but in heart he layeth his
wait

99 Shall I not visit them for these things saith the LORD shall not
my soul be avenged on such a nation as this  910 For the mountains
will I take up a weeping and wailing and for the habitations of the
wilderness a lamentation because they are burned up so that none can
pass through them neither can men hear the voice of the cattle both
the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled they are gone

911 And I will make Jerusalem heaps and a den of dragons and I will
make the cities of Judah desolate without an inhabitant

912 Who is the wise man that may understand this and who is he to
whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken that he may declare it for
what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness that none
passeth through  913 And the LORD saith Because they have forsaken
my law which I set before them and have not obeyed my voice neither
walked therein 914 But have walked after the imagination of their
own heart and after Baalim which their fathers taught them 915
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts the God of Israel Behold I
will feed them even this people with wormwood and give them water
of gall to drink

916 I will scatter them also among the heathen whom neither they nor
their fathers have known and I will send a sword after them till I
have consumed them

917 Thus saith the LORD of hosts Consider ye and call for the
mourning women that they may come and send for cunning women that
they may come 918 And let them make haste and take up a wailing for
us that our eyes may run down with tears and our eyelids gush out
with waters

919 For a voice of wailing is heard out of Zion How are we spoiled
we are greatly confounded because we have forsaken the land because
our dwellings have cast us out

920 Yet hear the word of the LORD O ye women and let your ear
receive the word of his mouth and teach your daughters wailing and
every one her neighbour lamentation

921 For death is come up into our windows and is entered into our
palaces to cut off the children from without and the young men from
the streets

922 Speak Thus saith the LORD Even the carcases of men shall fall
as dung upon the open field and as the handful after the harvestman
