
217 And afterward saith the LORD I will deliver Zedekiah king of
Judah and his servants and the people and such as are left in this
city from the pestilence from the sword and from the famine into
the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and into the hand of their
enemies and into the hand of those that seek their life and he shall
smite them with the edge of the sword he shall not spare them
neither have pity nor have mercy

218 And unto this people thou shalt say Thus saith the LORD Behold
I set before you the way of life and the way of death

219 He that abideth in this city shall die by the sword and by the
famine and by the pestilence but he that goeth out and falleth to
the Chaldeans that besiege you he shall live and his life shall be
unto him for a prey

2110 For I have set my face against this city for evil and not for
good saith the LORD it shall be given into the hand of the king of
Babylon and he shall burn it with fire

2111 And touching the house of the king of Judah say Hear ye the
word of the LORD 2112 O house of David thus saith the LORD Execute
judgment in the morning and deliver him that is spoiled out of the
hand of the oppressor lest my fury go out like fire and burn that
none can quench it because of the evil of your doings

2113 Behold I am against thee O inhabitant of the valley and rock
of the plain saith the LORD which say Who shall come down against
us or who shall enter into our habitations  2114 But I will punish
you according to the fruit of your doings saith the LORD and I will
kindle a fire in the forest thereof and it shall devour all things
round about it

221 Thus saith the LORD Go down to the house of the king of Judah
and speak there this word 222 And say Hear the word of the LORD O
king of Judah that sittest upon the throne of David thou and thy
servants and thy people that enter in by these gates 223 Thus saith
the LORD Execute ye judgment and righteousness and deliver the
spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor and do no wrong do no
violence to the stranger the fatherless nor the widow neither shed
innocent blood in this place

224 For if ye do this thing indeed then shall there enter in by the
gates of this house kings sitting upon the throne of David riding in
chariots and on horses he and his servants and his people

225 But if ye will not hear these words I swear by myself saith the
LORD that this house shall become a desolation

226 For thus saith the LORD unto the kings house of Judah Thou art
Gilead unto me and the head of Lebanon yet surely I will make thee a
wilderness and cities which are not inhabited

227 And I will prepare destroyers against thee every one with his
weapons and they shall cut down thy choice cedars and cast them into
the fire

228 And many nations shall pass by this city and they shall say
every man to his neighbour Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto
this great city  229 Then they shall answer Because they have
forsaken the covenant of the LORD their God and worshipped other
gods and served them

2210 Weep ye not for the dead neither bemoan him but weep sore for
him that goeth away for he shall return no more nor see his native
country

2211 For thus saith the LORD touching Shallum the son of Josiah king
of Judah which reigned instead of Josiah his father which went forth
out of this place He shall not return thither any more 2212 But he
shall die in the place whither they have led him captive and shall
see this land no more

2213 Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness and his
chambers by wrong that useth his neighbours service without wages
and giveth him not for his work 2214 That saith I will build me a
wide house and large chambers and cutteth him out windows and it is
cieled with cedar and painted with vermilion

2215 Shalt thou reign because thou closest thyself in cedar did not
thy father eat and drink and do judgment and justice and then it was
well with him  2216 He judged the cause of the poor and needy then
it was well with him was not this to know me saith the LORD

2217 But thine eyes and thine heart are not but for thy covetousness
and for to shed innocent blood and for oppression and for violence
to do it

2218 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning Jehoiakim the son of
Josiah king of Judah They shall not lament for him saying Ah my
brother or Ah sister they shall not lament for him saying Ah
lord or Ah his glory  2219 He shall be buried with the burial of
an ass drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem

2220 Go up to Lebanon and cry and lift up thy voice in Bashan and
cry from the passages for all thy lovers are destroyed

2221 I spake unto thee in thy prosperity but thou saidst I will not
hear This hath been thy manner from thy youth that thou obeyedst not
