Rechab shall not want a man to stand before me for ever

361 And it came to pass in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of
Josiah king of Judah that this word came unto Jeremiah from the LORD
saying 362 Take thee a roll of a book and write therein all the
words that I have spoken unto thee against Israel and against Judah
and against all the nations from the day I spake unto thee from the
days of Josiah even unto this day

363 It may be that the house of Judah will hear all the evil which I
purpose to do unto them that they may return every man from his evil
way that I may forgive their iniquity and their sin

364 Then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of Neriah and Baruch wrote
from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the LORD which he had
spoken unto him upon a roll of a book

365 And Jeremiah commanded Baruch saying I am shut up I cannot go
into the house of the LORD 366 Therefore go thou and read in the
roll which thou hast written from my mouth the words of the LORD in
the ears of the people in the LORDs house upon the fasting day and
also thou shalt read them in the ears of all Judah that come out of
their cities

367 It may be they will present their supplication before the LORD
and will return every one from his evil way for great is the anger
and the fury that the LORD hath pronounced against this people

368 And Baruch the son of Neriah did according to all that Jeremiah
the prophet commanded him reading in the book the words of the LORD
in the LORDs house

369 And it came to pass in the fifth year of Jehoiakim the son of
Josiah king of Judah in the ninth month that they proclaimed a fast
before the LORD to all the people in Jerusalem and to all the people
that came from the cities of Judah unto Jerusalem

3610 Then read Baruch in the book the words of Jeremiah in the house
of the LORD in the chamber of Gemariah the son of Shaphan the scribe
in the higher court at the entry of the new gate of the LORDs house
in the ears of all the people

3611 When Michaiah the son of Gemariah the son of Shaphan had heard
out of the book all the words of the LORD 3612 Then he went down
into the kings house into the scribes chamber and lo all the
princes sat there even Elishama the scribe and Delaiah the son of
Shemaiah and Elnathan the son of Achbor and Gemariah the son of
Shaphan and Zedekiah the son of Hananiah and all the princes

3613 Then Michaiah declared unto them all the words that he had
heard when Baruch read the book in the ears of the people

3614 Therefore all the princes sent Jehudi the son of Nethaniah the
son of Shelemiah the son of Cushi unto Baruch saying Take in thine
hand the roll wherein thou hast read in the ears of the people and
come So Baruch the son of Neriah took the roll in his hand and came
unto them

3615 And they said unto him Sit down now and read it in our ears
So Baruch read it in their ears

3616 Now it came to pass when they had heard all the words they
were afraid both one and other and said unto Baruch We will surely
tell the king of all these words

3617 And they asked Baruch saying Tell us now How didst thou write
all these words at his mouth  3618 Then Baruch answered them He
pronounced all these words unto me with his mouth and I wrote them
with ink in the book

3619 Then said the princes unto Baruch Go hide thee thou and
Jeremiah and let no man know where ye be

3620 And they went in to the king into the court but they laid up
the roll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe and told all the words
in the ears of the king

3621 So the king sent Jehudi to fetch the roll and he took it out of
Elishama the scribes chamber And Jehudi read it in the ears of the
king and in the ears of all the princes which stood beside the king

3622 Now the king sat in the winterhouse in the ninth month and
there was a fire on the hearth burning before him

3623 And it came to pass that when Jehudi had read three or four
leaves he cut it with the penknife and cast it into the fire that
was on the hearth until all the roll was consumed in the fire that
was on the hearth

3624 Yet they were not afraid nor rent their garments neither the
king nor any of his servants that heard all these words

3625 Nevertheless Elnathan and Delaiah and Gemariah had made
intercession to the king that he would not burn the roll but he would
not hear them

3626 But the king commanded Jerahmeel the son of Hammelech and
Seraiah the son of Azriel and Shelemiah the son of Abdeel to take
Baruch the scribe and Jeremiah the prophet but the LORD hid them

