against the LORD

5025 The LORD hath opened his armoury and hath brought forth the
weapons of his indignation for this is the work of the Lord GOD of
hosts in the land of the Chaldeans

5026 Come against her from the utmost border open her storehouses
cast her up as heaps and destroy her utterly let nothing of her be
left

5027 Slay all her bullocks let them go down to the slaughter woe
unto them for their day is come the time of their visitation

5028 The voice of them that flee and escape out of the land of
Babylon to declare in Zion the vengeance of the LORD our God the
vengeance of his temple

5029 Call together the archers against Babylon all ye that bend the
bow camp against it round about let none thereof escape recompense
her according to her work according to all that she hath done do
unto her for she hath been proud against the LORD against the Holy
One of Israel

5030 Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets and all her
men of war shall be cut off in that day saith the LORD

5031 Behold I am against thee O thou most proud saith the Lord GOD
of hosts for thy day is come the time that I will visit thee

5032 And the most proud shall stumble and fall and none shall raise
him up and I will kindle a fire in his cities and it shall devour
all round about him

5033 Thus saith the LORD of hosts The children of Israel and the
children of Judah were oppressed together and all that took them
captives held them fast they refused to let them go

5034 Their Redeemer is strong the LORD of hosts is his name he
shall throughly plead their cause that he may give rest to the land
and disquiet the inhabitants of Babylon

5035 A sword is upon the Chaldeans saith the LORD and upon the
inhabitants of Babylon and upon her princes and upon her wise men

5036 A sword is upon the liars and they shall dote a sword is upon
her mighty men and they shall be dismayed

5037 A sword is upon their horses and upon their chariots and upon
all the mingled people that are in the midst of her and they shall
become as women a sword is upon her treasures and they shall be
robbed

5038 A drought is upon her waters and they shall be dried up for it
is the land of graven images and they are mad upon their idols

5039 Therefore the wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of
the islands shall dwell there and the owls shall dwell therein and
it shall be no more inhabited for ever neither shall it be dwelt in
from generation to generation

5040 As God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities
thereof saith the LORD so shall no man abide there neither shall
any son of man dwell therein

5041 Behold a people shall come from the north and a great nation
and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth

5042 They shall hold the bow and the lance they are cruel and will
not shew mercy their voice shall roar like the sea and they shall
ride upon horses every one put in array like a man to the battle
against thee O daughter of Babylon

5043 The king of Babylon hath heard the report of them and his hands
waxed feeble anguish took hold of him and pangs as of a woman in
travail

5044 Behold he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan
unto the habitation of the strong but I will make them suddenly run
away from her and who is a chosen man that I may appoint over her
for who is like me and who will appoint me the time and who is that
shepherd that will stand before me  5045 Therefore hear ye the
counsel of the LORD that he hath taken against Babylon and his
purposes that he hath purposed against the land of the Chaldeans
Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out surely he shall
make their habitation desolate with them

5046 At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth is moved and
the cry is heard among the nations

511 Thus saith the LORD Behold I will raise up against Babylon and
against them that dwell in the midst of them that rise up against me
a destroying wind 512 And will send unto Babylon fanners that shall
fan her and shall empty her land for in the day of trouble they
shall be against her round about

513 Against him that bendeth let the archer bend his bow and against
him that lifteth himself up in his brigandine and spare ye not her
young men destroy ye utterly all her host

514 Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans and they
