liken to thee O daughter of Jerusalem what shall I equal to thee
that I may comfort thee O virgin daughter of Zion for thy breach is
great like the sea who can heal thee  214 Thy prophets have seen
vain and foolish things for thee and they have not discovered thine
iniquity to turn away thy captivity but have seen for thee false
burdens and causes of banishment

215 All that pass by clap their hands at thee they hiss and wag
their head at the daughter of Jerusalem saying Is this the city that
men call The perfection of beauty The joy of the whole earth  216
All thine enemies have opened their mouth against thee they hiss and
gnash the teeth they say We have swallowed her up certainly this is
the day that we looked for we have found we have seen it

217 The LORD hath done that which he had devised he hath fulfilled
his word that he had commanded in the days of old he hath thrown
down and hath not pitied and he hath caused thine enemy to rejoice
over thee he hath set up the horn of thine adversaries

218 Their heart cried unto the LORD O wall of the daughter of Zion
let tears run down like a river day and night give thyself no rest
let not the apple of thine eye cease

219 Arise cry out in the night in the beginning of the watches pour
out thine heart like water before the face of the LORD lift up thy
hands toward him for the life of thy young children that faint for
hunger in the top of every street

220 Behold O LORD and consider to whom thou hast done this Shall
the women eat their fruit and children of a span long shall the
priest and the prophet be slain in the sanctuary of the Lord  221
The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets my virgins and
my young men are fallen by the sword thou hast slain them in the day
of thine anger thou hast killed and not pitied

222 Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about so
that in the day of the LORDs anger none escaped nor remained those
that I have swaddled and brought up hath mine enemy consumed

31 I AM the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath

32 He hath led me and brought me into darkness but not into light

33 Surely against me is he turned he turneth his hand against me all
the day

34 My flesh and my skin hath he made old he hath broken my bones

35 He hath builded against me and compassed me with gall and
travail

36 He hath set me in dark places as they that be dead of old

37 He hath hedged me about that I cannot get out he hath made my
chain heavy

38 Also when I cry and shout he shutteth out my prayer

39 He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone he hath made my paths
crooked

310 He was unto me as a bear lying in wait and as a lion in secret
places

311 He hath turned aside my ways and pulled me in pieces he hath
made me desolate

312 He hath bent his bow and set me as a mark for the arrow

313 He hath caused the arrows of his quiver to enter into my reins

314 I was a derision to all my people and their song all the day

315 He hath filled me with bitterness he hath made me drunken with
wormwood

316 He hath also broken my teeth with gravel stones he hath covered
me with ashes

317 And thou hast removed my soul far off from peace I forgat
prosperity

318 And I said My strength and my hope is perished from the LORD
319 Remembering mine affliction and my misery the wormwood and the
gall

320 My soul hath them still in remembrance and is humbled in me

321 This I recall to my mind therefore have I hope

322 It is of the LORDs mercies that we are not consumed because his
compassions fail not

323 They are new every morning great is thy faithfulness

324 The LORD is my portion saith my soul therefore will I hope in
him

325 The LORD is good unto them that wait for him to the soul that
seeketh him
