42 The precious sons of Zion comparable to fine gold how are they
esteemed as earthen pitchers the work of the hands of the potter
43 Even the sea monsters draw out the breast they give suck to their
young ones the daughter of my people is become cruel like the
ostriches in the wilderness

44 The tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth
for thirst the young children ask bread and no man breaketh it unto
them

45 They that did feed delicately are desolate in the streets they
that were brought up in scarlet embrace dunghills

46 For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is
greater than the punishment of the sin of Sodom that was overthrown
as in a moment and no hands stayed on her

47 Her Nazarites were purer than snow they were whiter than milk
they were more ruddy in body than rubies their polishing was of
sapphire 48 Their visage is blacker than a coal they are not known
in the streets their skin cleaveth to their bones it is withered it
is become like a stick

49 They that be slain with the sword are better than they that be
slain with hunger for these pine away stricken through for want of
the fruits of the field

410 The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children
they were their meat in the destruction of the daughter of my people

411 The LORD hath accomplished his fury he hath poured out his
fierce anger and hath kindled a fire in Zion and it hath devoured
the foundations thereof

412 The kings of the earth and all the inhabitants of the world
would not have believed that the adversary and the enemy should have
entered into the gates of Jerusalem

413 For the sins of her prophets and the iniquities of her priests
that have shed the blood of the just in the midst of her 414 They
have wandered as blind men in the streets they have polluted
themselves with blood so that men could not touch their garments

415 They cried unto them Depart ye it is unclean depart depart
touch not when they fled away and wandered they said among the
heathen They shall no more sojourn there

416 The anger of the LORD hath divided them he will no more regard
them they respected not the persons of the priests they favoured not
the elders

417 As for us our eyes as yet failed for our vain help in our
watching we have watched for a nation that could not save us

418 They hunt our steps that we cannot go in our streets our end is
near our days are fulfilled for our end is come

419 Our persecutors are swifter than the eagles of the heaven they
pursued us upon the mountains they laid wait for us in the
wilderness

420 The breath of our nostrils the anointed of the LORD was taken
in their pits of whom we said Under his shadow we shall live among
the heathen

421 Rejoice and be glad O daughter of Edom that dwellest in the
land of Uz the cup also shall pass through unto thee thou shalt be
drunken and shalt make thyself naked

422 The punishment of thine iniquity is accomplished O daughter of
Zion he will no more carry thee away into captivity he will visit
thine iniquity O daughter of Edom he will discover thy sins

51 Remember O LORD what is come upon us consider and behold our
reproach

52 Our inheritance is turned to strangers our houses to aliens

53 We are orphans and fatherless our mothers are as widows

54 We have drunken our water for money our wood is sold unto us

55 Our necks are under persecution we labour and have no rest

56 We have given the hand to the Egyptians and to the Assyrians to
be satisfied with bread

57 Our fathers have sinned and are not and we have borne their
iniquities

58 Servants have ruled over us there is none that doth deliver us
out of their hand

59 We gat our bread with the peril of our lives because of the sword
of the wilderness

510 Our skin was black like an oven because of the terrible famine

511 They ravished the women in Zion and the maids in the cities of
Judah
