inhabitants of Jerusalem have said Get you far from the LORD unto us
is this land given in possession

1116 Therefore say Thus saith the Lord GOD Although I have cast
them far off among the heathen and although I have scattered them
among the countries yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in
the countries where they shall come

1117 Therefore say Thus saith the Lord GOD I will even gather you
from the people and assemble you out of the countries where ye have
been scattered and I will give you the land of Israel

1118 And they shall come thither and they shall take away all the
detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from
thence

1119 And I will give them one heart and I will put a new spirit
within you and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh and
will give them an heart of flesh 1120 That they may walk in my
statutes and keep mine ordinances and do them and they shall be my
people and I will be their God

1121 But as for them whose heart walketh after the heart of their
detestable things and their abominations I will recompense their way
upon their own heads saith the Lord GOD

1122 Then did the cherubims lift up their wings and the wheels
beside them and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above

1123 And the glory of the LORD went up from the midst of the city
and stood upon the mountain which is on the east side of the city

1124 Afterwards the spirit took me up and brought me in a vision by
the Spirit of God into Chaldea to them of the captivity So the
vision that I had seen went up from me

1125 Then I spake unto them of the captivity all the things that the
LORD had shewed me

121 The word of the LORD also came unto me saying 122 Son of man
thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house which have eyes to
see and see not they have ears to hear and hear not for they are a
rebellious house

123 Therefore thou son of man prepare thee stuff for removing and
remove by day in their sight and thou shalt remove from thy place to
another place in their sight it may be they will consider though
they be a rebellious house

124 Then shalt thou bring forth thy stuff by day in their sight as
stuff for removing and thou shalt go forth at even in their sight as
they that go forth into captivity

125 Dig thou through the wall in their sight and carry out thereby

126 In their sight shalt thou bear it upon thy shoulders and carry
it forth in the twilight thou shalt cover thy face that thou see not
the ground for I have set thee for a sign unto the house of Israel

127 And I did so as I was commanded I brought forth my stuff by day
as stuff for captivity and in the even I digged through the wall with
mine hand I brought it forth in the twilight and I bare it upon my
shoulder in their sight

128 And in the morning came the word of the LORD unto me saying
129 Son of man hath not the house of Israel the rebellious house
said unto thee What doest thou  1210 Say thou unto them Thus saith
the Lord GOD This burden concerneth the prince in Jerusalem and all
the house of Israel that are among them

1211 Say I am your sign like as I have done so shall it be done
unto them they shall remove and go into captivity

1212 And the prince that is among them shall bear upon his shoulder
in the twilight and shall go forth they shall dig through the wall
to carry out thereby he shall cover his face that he see not the
ground with his eyes

1213 My net also will I spread upon him and he shall be taken in my
snare and I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the Chaldeans
yet shall he not see it though he shall die there

1214 And I will scatter toward every wind all that are about him to
help him and all his bands and I will draw out the sword after them

1215 And they shall know that I am the LORD when I shall scatter
them among the nations and disperse them in the countries

1216 But I will leave a few men of them from the sword from the
famine and from the pestilence that they may declare all their
abominations among the heathen whither they come and they shall know
that I am the LORD

1217 Moreover the word of the LORD came to me saying 1218 Son of
man eat thy bread with quaking and drink thy water with trembling
and with carefulness 1219 And say unto the people of the land Thus
saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem and of the land of
Israel They shall eat their bread with carefulness and drink their
water with astonishment that her land may be desolate from all that
is therein because of the violence of all them that dwell therein
