ye die O house of Israel  1832 For I have no pleasure in the death
of him that dieth saith the Lord GOD wherefore turn yourselves and
live ye

191 Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the princes of Israel
192 And say What is thy mother A lioness she lay down among lions
she nourished her whelps among young lions

193 And she brought up one of her whelps it became a young lion and
it learned to catch the prey it devoured men

194 The nations also heard of him he was taken in their pit and
they brought him with chains unto the land of Egypt

195 Now when she saw that she had waited and her hope was lost then
she took another of her whelps and made him a young lion

196 And he went up and down among the lions he became a young lion
and learned to catch the prey and devoured men

197 And he knew their desolate palaces and he laid waste their
cities and the land was desolate and the fulness thereof by the
noise of his roaring

198 Then the nations set against him on every side from the
provinces and spread their net over him he was taken in their pit

199 And they put him in ward in chains and brought him to the king
of Babylon they brought him into holds that his voice should no more
be heard upon the mountains of Israel

1910 Thy mother is like a vine in thy blood planted by the waters
she was fruitful and full of branches by reason of many waters

1911 And she had strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule
and her stature was exalted among the thick branches and she appeared
in her height with the multitude of her branches

1912 But she was plucked up in fury she was cast down to the ground
and the east wind dried up her fruit her strong rods were broken and
withered the fire consumed them

1913 And now she is planted in the wilderness in a dry and thirsty
ground

1914 And fire is gone out of a rod of her branches which hath
devoured her fruit so that she hath no strong rod to be a sceptre to
rule This is a lamentation and shall be for a lamentation

201 And it came to pass in the seventh year in the fifth month the
tenth day of the month that certain of the elders of Israel came to
enquire of the LORD and sat before me

202 Then came the word of the LORD unto me saying 203 Son of man
speak unto the elders of Israel and say unto them Thus saith the
Lord GOD Are ye come to enquire of me As I live saith the Lord GOD
I will not be enquired of by you

204 Wilt thou judge them son of man wilt thou judge them cause
them to know the abominations of their fathers 205 And say unto
them Thus saith the Lord GOD In the day when I chose Israel and
lifted up mine hand unto the seed of the house of Jacob and made
myself known unto them in the land of Egypt when I lifted up mine
hand unto them saying I am the LORD your God 206 In the day that I
lifted up mine hand unto them to bring them forth of the land of
Egypt into a land that I had espied for them flowing with milk and
honey which is the glory of all lands 207 Then said I unto them
Cast ye away every man the abominations of his eyes and defile not
yourselves with the idols of Egypt I am the LORD your God

208 But they rebelled against me and would not hearken unto me they
did not every man cast away the abominations of their eyes neither
did they forsake the idols of Egypt then I said I will pour out my
fury upon them to accomplish my anger against them in the midst of
the land of Egypt

209 But I wrought for my names sake that it should not be polluted
before the heathen among whom they were in whose sight I made myself
known unto them in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt

2010 Wherefore I caused them to go forth out of the land of Egypt
and brought them into the wilderness

2011 And I gave them my statutes and shewed them my judgments which
if a man do he shall even live in them

2012 Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths to be a sign between me
and them that they might know that I am the LORD that sanctify them

2013 But the house of Israel rebelled against me in the wilderness
they walked not in my statutes and they despised my judgments which
if a man do he shall even live in them and my sabbaths they greatly
polluted then I said I would pour out my fury upon them in the
wilderness to consume them

2014 But I wrought for my names sake that it should not be polluted
before the heathen in whose sight I brought them out

2015 Yet also I lifted up my hand unto them in the wilderness that I
would not bring them into the land which I had given them flowing
