2321 Thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth in
bruising thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth

2322 Therefore O Aholibah thus saith the Lord GOD Behold I will
raise up thy lovers against thee from whom thy mind is alienated and
I will bring them against thee on every side 2323 The Babylonians
and all the Chaldeans Pekod and Shoa and Koa and all the Assyrians
with them all of them desirable young men captains and rulers great
lords and renowned all of them riding upon horses

2324 And they shall come against thee with chariots wagons and
wheels and with an assembly of people which shall set against thee
buckler and shield and helmet round about and I will set judgment
before them and they shall judge thee according to their judgments

2325 And I will set my jealousy against thee and they shall deal
furiously with thee they shall take away thy nose and thine ears and
thy remnant shall fall by the sword they shall take thy sons and thy
daughters and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire

2326 They shall also strip thee out of thy clothes and take away thy
fair jewels

2327 Thus will I make thy lewdness to cease from thee and thy
whoredom brought from the land of Egypt so that thou shalt not lift
up thine eyes unto them nor remember Egypt any more

2328 For thus saith the Lord GOD Behold I will deliver thee into
the hand of them whom thou hatest into the hand of them from whom thy
mind is alienated 2329 And they shall deal with thee hatefully and
shall take away all thy labour and shall leave thee naked and bare
and the nakedness of thy whoredoms shall be discovered both thy
lewdness and thy whoredoms

2330 I will do these things unto thee because thou hast gone a
whoring after the heathen and because thou art polluted with their
idols

2331 Thou hast walked in the way of thy sister therefore will I give
her cup into thine hand

2332 Thus saith the Lord GOD Thou shalt drink of thy sisters cup
deep and large thou shalt be laughed to scorn and had in derision it
containeth much

2333 Thou shalt be filled with drunkenness and sorrow with the cup
of astonishment and desolation with the cup of thy sister Samaria

2334 Thou shalt even drink it and suck it out and thou shalt break
the sherds thereof and pluck off thine own breasts for I have spoken
it saith the Lord GOD

2335 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD Because thou hast forgotten
me and cast me behind thy back therefore bear thou also thy lewdness
and thy whoredoms

2336 The LORD said moreover unto me Son of man wilt thou judge
Aholah and Aholibah yea declare unto them their abominations 2337
That they have committed adultery and blood is in their hands and
with their idols have they committed adultery and have also caused
their sons whom they bare unto me to pass for them through the fire
to devour them

2338 Moreover this they have done unto me they have defiled my
sanctuary in the same day and have profaned my sabbaths

2339 For when they had slain their children to their idols then they
came the same day into my sanctuary to profane it and lo thus have
they done in the midst of mine house

2340 And furthermore that ye have sent for men to come from far
unto whom a messenger was sent and lo they came for whom thou
didst wash thyself paintedst thy eyes and deckedst thyself with
ornaments 2341 And satest upon a stately bed and a table prepared
before it whereupon thou hast set mine incense and mine oil

2342 And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her and with
the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness
which put bracelets upon their hands and beautiful crowns upon their
heads

2343 Then said I unto her that was old in adulteries Will they now
commit whoredoms with her and she with them  2344 Yet they went in
unto her as they go in unto a woman that playeth the harlot so went
they in unto Aholah and unto Aholibah the lewd women

2345 And the righteous men they shall judge them after the manner of
adulteresses and after the manner of women that shed blood because
they are adulteresses and blood is in their hands

2346 For thus saith the Lord GOD I will bring up a company upon
them and will give them to be removed and spoiled

2347 And the company shall stone them with stones and dispatch them
with their swords they shall slay their sons and their daughters and
burn up their houses with fire

2348 Thus will I cause lewdness to cease out of the land that all
women may be taught not to do after your lewdness

