forth and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the midst of
them and they shall know that I am the LORD

301 The word of the LORD came again unto me saying 302 Son of man
prophesy and say Thus saith the Lord GOD Howl ye Woe worth the day
303 For the day is near even the day of the LORD is near a cloudy
day it shall be the time of the heathen

304 And the sword shall come upon Egypt and great pain shall be in
Ethiopia when the slain shall fall in Egypt and they shall take away
her multitude and her foundations shall be broken down

305 Ethiopia and Libya and Lydia and all the mingled people and
Chub and the men of the land that is in league shall fall with them
by the sword

306 Thus saith the LORD They also that uphold Egypt shall fall and
the pride of her power shall come down from the tower of Syene shall
they fall in it by the sword saith the Lord GOD

307 And they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are
desolate and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are
wasted

308 And they shall know that I am the LORD when I have set a fire in
Egypt and when all her helpers shall be destroyed

309 In that day shall messengers go forth from me in ships to make
the careless Ethiopians afraid and great pain shall come upon them
as in the day of Egypt for lo it cometh

3010 Thus saith the Lord GOD I will also make the multitude of Egypt
to cease by the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon

3011 He and his people with him the terrible of the nations shall
be brought to destroy the land and they shall draw their swords
against Egypt and fill the land with the slain

3012 And I will make the rivers dry and sell the land into the hand
of the wicked and I will make the land waste and all that is
therein by the hand of strangers I the LORD have spoken it

3013 Thus saith the Lord GOD I will also destroy the idols and I
will cause their images to cease out of Noph and there shall be no
more a prince of the land of Egypt and I will put a fear in the land
of Egypt

3014 And I will make Pathros desolate and will set fire in Zoan and
will execute judgments in No

3015 And I will pour my fury upon Sin the strength of Egypt and I
will cut off the multitude of No

3016 And I will set fire in Egypt Sin shall have great pain and No
shall be rent asunder and Noph shall have distresses daily

3017 The young men of Aven and of Pibeseth shall fall by the sword
and these cities shall go into captivity

3018 At Tehaphnehes also the day shall be darkened when I shall
break there the yokes of Egypt and the pomp of her strength shall
cease in her as for her a cloud shall cover her and her daughters
shall go into captivity

3019 Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt and they shall know that
I am the LORD

3020 And it came to pass in the eleventh year in the first month in
the seventh day of the month that the word of the LORD came unto me
saying 3021 Son of man I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of
Egypt and lo it shall not be bound up to be healed to put a roller
to bind it to make it strong to hold the sword

3022 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD Behold I am against Pharaoh
king of Egypt and will break his arms the strong and that which was
broken and I will cause the sword to fall out of his hand

3023 And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations and will
disperse them through the countries

3024 And I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon and put
my sword in his hand but I will break Pharaohs arms and he shall
groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man

3025 But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon and the
arms of Pharaoh shall fall down and they shall know that I am the
LORD when I shall put my sword into the hand of the king of Babylon
and he shall stretch it out upon the land of Egypt

3026 And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations and disperse
them among the countries and they shall know that I am the LORD

311 And it came to pass in the eleventh year in the third month in
the first day of the month that the word of the LORD came unto me
saying 312 Son of man speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt and to his
multitude Whom art thou like in thy greatness  313 Behold the
Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches and with a
shadowing shroud and of an high stature and his top was among the
thick boughs

