own life in the day of thy fall

3211 For thus saith the Lord GOD The sword of the king of Babylon
shall come upon thee

3212 By the swords of the mighty will I cause thy multitude to fall
the terrible of the nations all of them and they shall spoil the
pomp of Egypt and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed

3213 I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great
waters neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more nor the
hoofs of beasts trouble them

3214 Then will I make their waters deep and cause their rivers to
run like oil saith the Lord GOD

3215 When I shall make the land of Egypt desolate and the country
shall be destitute of that whereof it was full when I shall smite all
them that dwell therein then shall they know that I am the LORD

3216 This is the lamentation wherewith they shall lament her the
daughters of the nations shall lament her they shall lament for her
even for Egypt and for all her multitude saith the Lord GOD

3217 It came to pass also in the twelfth year in the fifteenth day
of the month that the word of the LORD came unto me saying 3218
Son of man wail for the multitude of Egypt and cast them down even
her and the daughters of the famous nations unto the nether parts of
the earth with them that go down into the pit

3219 Whom dost thou pass in beauty go down and be thou laid with
the uncircumcised

3220 They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the
sword she is delivered to the sword draw her and all her multitudes

3221 The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst
of hell with them that help him they are gone down they lie
uncircumcised slain by the sword

3222 Asshur is there and all her company his graves are about him
all of them slain fallen by the sword 3223 Whose graves are set in
the sides of the pit and her company is round about her grave all of
them slain fallen by the sword which caused terror in the land of
the living

3224 There is Elam and all her multitude round about her grave all
of them slain fallen by the sword which are gone down uncircumcised
into the nether parts of the earth which caused their terror in the
land of the living yet have they borne their shame with them that go
down to the pit

3225 They have set her a bed in the midst of the slain with all her
multitude her graves are round about him all of them uncircumcised
slain by the sword though their terror was caused in the land of the
living yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the
pit he is put in the midst of them that be slain

3226 There is Meshech Tubal and all her multitude her graves are
round about him all of them uncircumcised slain by the sword though
they caused their terror in the land of the living

3227 And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the
uncircumcised which are gone down to hell with their weapons of war
and they have laid their swords under their heads but their
iniquities shall be upon their bones though they were the terror of
the mighty in the land of the living

3228 Yea thou shalt be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised and
shalt lie with them that are slain with the sword

3229 There is Edom her kings and all her princes which with their
might are laid by them that were slain by the sword they shall lie
with the uncircumcised and with them that go down to the pit

3230 There be the princes of the north all of them and all the
Zidonians which are gone down with the slain with their terror they
are ashamed of their might and they lie uncircumcised with them that
be slain by the sword and bear their shame with them that go down to
the pit

3231 Pharaoh shall see them and shall be comforted over all his
multitude even Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword saith the
Lord GOD

3232 For I have caused my terror in the land of the living and he
shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are
slain with the sword even Pharaoh and all his multitude saith the
Lord GOD

331 Again the word of the LORD came unto me saying 332 Son of man
speak to the children of thy people and say unto them When I bring
the sword upon a land if the people of the land take a man of their
coasts and set him for their watchman 333 If when he seeth the
sword come upon the land he blow the trumpet and warn the people
334 Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet and taketh not
warning if the sword come and take him away his blood shall be upon
his own head

335 He heard the sound of the trumpet and took not warning his
