of his old age he was diseased in his feet

1524 And Asa slept with his fathers and was buried with his fathers
in the city of David his father and Jehoshaphat his son reigned in
his stead

1525 And Nadab the son of Jeroboam began to reign over Israel in the
second year of Asa king of Judah and reigned over Israel two years

1526 And he did evil in the sight of the LORD and walked in the way
of his father and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin

1527 And Baasha the son of Ahijah of the house of Issachar
conspired against him and Baasha smote him at Gibbethon which
belonged to the Philistines for Nadab and all Israel laid siege to
Gibbethon

1528 Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha slay him
and reigned in his stead

1529 And it came to pass when he reigned that he smote all the
house of Jeroboam he left not to Jeroboam any that breathed until he
had destroyed him according unto the saying of the LORD which he
spake by his servant Ahijah the Shilonite 1530 Because of the sins
of Jeroboam which he sinned and which he made Israel sin by his
provocation wherewith he provoked the LORD God of Israel to anger

1531 Now the rest of the acts of Nadab and all that he did are they
not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel
1532 And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all
their days

1533 In the third year of Asa king of Judah began Baasha the son of
Ahijah to reign over all Israel in Tirzah twenty and four years

1534 And he did evil in the sight of the LORD and walked in the way
of Jeroboam and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin

161 Then the word of the LORD came to Jehu the son of Hanani against
Baasha saying 162 Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the dust and
made thee prince over my people Israel and thou hast walked in the
way of Jeroboam and hast made my people Israel to sin to provoke me
to anger with their sins 163 Behold I will take away the posterity
of Baasha and the posterity of his house and will make thy house
like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat

164 Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the dogs eat and him
that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat

165 Now the rest of the acts of Baasha and what he did and his
might are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings
of Israel  166 So Baasha slept with his fathers and was buried in
Tirzah and Elah his son reigned in his stead

167 And also by the hand of the prophet Jehu the son of Hanani came
the word of the LORD against Baasha and against his house even for
all the evil that he did in the sight of the LORD in provoking him to
anger with the work of his hands in being like the house of Jeroboam
and because he killed him

168 In the twenty and sixth year of Asa king of Judah began Elah the
son of Baasha to reign over Israel in Tirzah two years

169 And his servant Zimri captain of half his chariots conspired
against him as he was in Tirzah drinking himself drunk in the house
of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah

1610 And Zimri went in and smote him and killed him in the twenty
and seventh year of Asa king of Judah and reigned in his stead

1611 And it came to pass when he began to reign as soon as he sat
on his throne that he slew all the house of Baasha he left him not
one that pisseth against a wall neither of his kinsfolks nor of his
friends

1612 Thus did Zimri destroy all the house of Baasha according to the
word of the LORD which he spake against Baasha by Jehu the prophet

1613 For all the sins of Baasha and the sins of Elah his son by
which they sinned and by which they made Israel to sin in provoking
the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities

1614 Now the rest of the acts of Elah and all that he did are they
not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel
1615 In the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah did Zimri
reign seven days in Tirzah And the people were encamped against
Gibbethon which belonged to the Philistines

1616 And the people that were encamped heard say Zimri hath
conspired and hath also slain the king wherefore all Israel made
Omri the captain of the host king over Israel that day in the camp

1617 And Omri went up from Gibbethon and all Israel with him and
they besieged Tirzah

1618 And it came to pass when Zimri saw that the city was taken
that he went into the palace of the kings house and burnt the kings
house over him with fire and died

1619 For his sins which he sinned in doing evil in the sight of the
