that I have more than any living but for their sakes that shall make
known the interpretation to the king and that thou mightest know the
thoughts of thy heart

231 Thou O king sawest and behold a great image This great image
whose brightness was excellent stood before thee and the form
thereof was terrible

232 This images head was of fine gold his breast and his arms of
silver his belly and his thighs of brass 233 His legs of iron his
feet part of iron and part of clay

234 Thou sawest till that a stone was cut out without hands which
smote the image upon his feet that were of iron and clay and brake
them to pieces

235 Then was the iron the clay the brass the silver and the gold
broken to pieces together and became like the chaff of the summer
threshingfloors and the wind carried them away that no place was
found for them and the stone that smote the image became a great
mountain and filled the whole earth

236 This is the dream and we will tell the interpretation thereof
before the king

237 Thou O king art a king of kings for the God of heaven hath
given thee a kingdom power and strength and glory

238 And wheresoever the children of men dwell the beasts of the
field and the fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand and
hath made thee ruler over them all Thou art this head of gold

239 And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee and
another third kingdom of brass which shall bear rule over all the
earth

240 And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron forasmuch as iron
breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things and as iron that breaketh
all these shall it break in pieces and bruise

241 And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes part of potters clay
and part of iron the kingdom shall be divided but there shall be in
it of the strength of the iron forasmuch as thou sawest the iron
mixed with miry clay

242 And as the toes of the feet were part of iron and part of clay
so the kingdom shall be partly strong and partly broken

243 And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay they shall
mingle themselves with the seed of men but they shall not cleave one
to another even as iron is not mixed with clay

244 And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a
kingdom which shall never be destroyed and the kingdom shall not be
left to other people but it shall break in pieces and consume all
these kingdoms and it shall stand for ever

245 Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the
mountain without hands and that it brake in pieces the iron the
brass the clay the silver and the gold the great God hath made
known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter and the dream is
certain and the interpretation thereof sure

246 Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face and worshipped
Daniel and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet
odours unto him

247 The king answered unto Daniel and said Of a truth it is that
your God is a God of gods and a Lord of kings and a revealer of
secrets seeing thou couldest reveal this secret

248 Then the king made Daniel a great man and gave him many great
gifts and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon and
chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon

249 Then Daniel requested of the king and he set Shadrach Meshach
and Abednego over the affairs of the province of Babylon but Daniel
sat in the gate of the king

31 Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold whose height was
threescore cubits and the breadth thereof six cubits he set it up in
the plain of Dura in the province of Babylon

32 Then Nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather together the princes
the governors and the captains the judges the treasurers the
counsellors the sheriffs and all the rulers of the provinces to
come to the dedication of the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had
set up

33 Then the princes the governors and captains the judges the
treasurers the counsellors the sheriffs and all the rulers of the
provinces were gathered together unto the dedication of the image
that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up and they stood before the
image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up

34 Then an herald cried aloud To you it is commanded O people
nations and languages 35 That at what time ye hear the sound of the
cornet flute harp sackbut psaltery dulcimer and all kinds of
musick ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar
the king hath set up 36 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth
