her youth and as in the day when she came up out of the land of
Egypt

216 And it shall be at that day saith the LORD that thou shalt call
me Ishi and shalt call me no more Baali

217 For I will take away the names of Baalim out of her mouth and
they shall no more be remembered by their name

218 And in that day will I make a covenant for them with the beasts
of the field and with the fowls of heaven and with the creeping
things of the ground and I will break the bow and the sword and the
battle out of the earth and will make them to lie down safely

219 And I will betroth thee unto me for ever yea I will betroth
thee unto me in righteousness and in judgment and in lovingkindness
and in mercies

220 I will even betroth thee unto me in faithfulness and thou shalt
know the LORD

221 And it shall come to pass in that day I will hear saith the
LORD I will hear the heavens and they shall hear the earth 222 And
the earth shall hear the corn and the wine and the oil and they
shall hear Jezreel

223 And I will sow her unto me in the earth and I will have mercy
upon her that had not obtained mercy and I will say to them which
were not my people Thou art my people and they shall say Thou art
my God

31 Then said the LORD unto me Go yet love a woman beloved of her
friend yet an adulteress according to the love of the LORD toward
the children of Israel who look to other gods and love flagons of
wine

32 So I bought her to me for fifteen pieces of silver and for an
homer of barley and an half homer of barley 33 And I said unto her
Thou shalt abide for me many days thou shalt not play the harlot and
thou shalt not be for another man so will I also be for thee

34 For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king
and without a prince and without a sacrifice and without an image
and without an ephod and without teraphim 35 Afterward shall the
children of Israel return and seek the LORD their God and David
their king and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter
days

41 Hear the word of the LORD ye children of Israel for the LORD
hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land because there is
no truth nor mercy nor knowledge of God in the land

42 By swearing and lying and killing and stealing and committing
adultery they break out and blood toucheth blood

43 Therefore shall the land mourn and every one that dwelleth
therein shall languish with the beasts of the field and with the
fowls of heaven yea the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away

44 Yet let no man strive nor reprove another for thy people are as
they that strive with the priest

45 Therefore shalt thou fall in the day and the prophet also shall
fall with thee in the night and I will destroy thy mother

46 My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge because thou hast
rejected knowledge I will also reject thee that thou shalt be no
priest to me seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God I will
also forget thy children

47 As they were increased so they sinned against me therefore will
I change their glory into shame

48 They eat up the sin of my people and they set their heart on
their iniquity

49 And there shall be like people like priest and I will punish
them for their ways and reward them their doings

410 For they shall eat and not have enough they shall commit
whoredom and shall not increase because they have left off to take
heed to the LORD

411 Whoredom and wine and new wine take away the heart

412 My people ask counsel at their stocks and their staff declareth
unto them for the spirit of whoredoms hath caused them to err and
they have gone a whoring from under their God

413 They sacrifice upon the tops of the mountains and burn incense
upon the hills under oaks and poplars and elms because the shadow
thereof is good therefore your daughters shall commit whoredom and
your spouses shall commit adultery

414 I will not punish your daughters when they commit whoredom nor
your spouses when they commit adultery for themselves are separated
with whores and they sacrifice with harlots therefore the people
that doth not understand shall fall

415 Though thou Israel play the harlot yet let not Judah offend
