1011 And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught and loveth to tread
out the corn but I passed over upon her fair neck I will make
Ephraim to ride Judah shall plow and Jacob shall break his clods

1012 Sow to yourselves in righteousness reap in mercy break up your
fallow ground for it is time to seek the LORD till he come and rain
righteousness upon you

1013 Ye have plowed wickedness ye have reaped iniquity ye have
eaten the fruit of lies because thou didst trust in thy way in the
multitude of thy mighty men

1014 Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people and all thy
fortresses shall be spoiled as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day
of battle the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children

1015 So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness in
a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off

111 When Israel was a child then I loved him and called my son out
of Egypt

112 As they called them so they went from them they sacrificed unto
Baalim and burned incense to graven images

113 I taught Ephraim also to go taking them by their arms but they
knew not that I healed them

114 I drew them with cords of a man with bands of love and I was to
them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws and I laid meat
unto them

115 He shall not return into the land of Egypt and the Assyrian
shall be his king because they refused to return

116 And the sword shall abide on his cities and shall consume his
branches and devour them because of their own counsels

117 And my people are bent to backsliding from me though they called
them to the most High none at all would exalt him

118 How shall I give thee up Ephraim how shall I deliver thee
Israel  how shall I make thee as Admah how shall I set thee as
Zeboim mine heart is turned within me my repentings are kindled
together

119 I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger I will not
return to destroy Ephraim for I am God and not man the Holy One in
the midst of thee and I will not enter into the city

1110 They shall walk after the LORD he shall roar like a lion when
he shall roar then the children shall tremble from the west

1111 They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt and as a dove out of
the land of Assyria and I will place them in their houses saith the
LORD

1112 Ephraim compasseth me about with lies and the house of Israel
with deceit but Judah yet ruleth with God and is faithful with the
saints

121 Ephraim feedeth on wind and followeth after the east wind he
daily increaseth lies and desolation and they do make a covenant with
the Assyrians and oil is carried into Egypt

122 The LORD hath also a controversy with Judah and will punish
Jacob according to his ways according to his doings will he
recompense him

123 He took his brother by the heel in the womb and by his strength
he had power with God 124 Yea he had power over the angel and
prevailed he wept and made supplication unto him he found him in
Bethel and there he spake with us 125 Even the LORD God of hosts
the LORD is his memorial

126 Therefore turn thou to thy God keep mercy and judgment and wait
on thy God continually

127 He is a merchant the balances of deceit are in his hand he
loveth to oppress

128 And Ephraim said Yet I am become rich I have found me out
substance in all my labours they shall find none iniquity in me that
were sin

129 And I that am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt will yet
make thee to dwell in tabernacles as in the days of the solemn feast

1210 I have also spoken by the prophets and I have multiplied
visions and used similitudes by the ministry of the prophets

1211 Is there iniquity in Gilead surely they are vanity they
sacrifice bullocks in Gilgal yea their altars are as heaps in the
furrows of the fields

1212 And Jacob fled into the country of Syria and Israel served for
a wife and for a wife he kept sheep

1213 And by a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt and by a
prophet was he preserved
