children and their children another generation

14 That which the palmerworm hath left hath the locust eaten and
that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten and that
which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpiller eaten

15 Awake ye drunkards and weep and howl all ye drinkers of wine
because of the new wine for it is cut off from your mouth

16 For a nation is come up upon my land strong and without number
whose teeth are the teeth of a lion and he hath the cheek teeth of a
great lion

17 He hath laid my vine waste and barked my fig tree he hath made
it clean bare and cast it away the branches thereof are made white

18 Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her
youth

19 The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house
of the LORD the priests the LORDs ministers mourn

110 The field is wasted the land mourneth for the corn is wasted
the new wine is dried up the oil languisheth

111 Be ye ashamed O ye husbandmen howl O ye vinedressers for the
wheat and for the barley because the harvest of the field is
perished

112 The vine is dried up and the fig tree languisheth the
pomegranate tree the palm tree also and the apple tree even all the
trees of the field are withered because joy is withered away from
the sons of men

113 Gird yourselves and lament ye priests howl ye ministers of
the altar come lie all night in sackcloth ye ministers of my God
for the meat offering and the drink offering is withholden from the
house of your God

114 Sanctify ye a fast call a solemn assembly gather the elders and
all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LORD your God
and cry unto the LORD 115 Alas for the day for the day of the LORD
is at hand and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come

116 Is not the meat cut off before our eyes yea joy and gladness
from the house of our God  117 The seed is rotten under their clods
the garners are laid desolate the barns are broken down for the corn
is withered

118 How do the beasts groan the herds of cattle are perplexed
because they have no pasture yea the flocks of sheep are made
desolate

119 O LORD to thee will I cry for the fire hath devoured the
pastures of the wilderness and the flame hath burned all the trees of
the field

120 The beasts of the field cry also unto thee for the rivers of
waters are dried up and the fire hath devoured the pastures of the
wilderness

21 Blow ye the trumpet in Zion and sound an alarm in my holy
mountain let all the inhabitants of the land tremble for the day of
the LORD cometh for it is nigh at hand 22 A day of darkness and of
gloominess a day of clouds and of thick darkness as the morning
spread upon the mountains a great people and a strong there hath not
been ever the like neither shall be any more after it even to the
years of many generations

23 A fire devoureth before them and behind them a flame burneth the
land is as the garden of Eden before them and behind them a desolate
wilderness yea and nothing shall escape them

24 The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses and as
horsemen so shall they run

25 Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they
leap like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble as
a strong people set in battle array

26 Before their face the people shall be much pained all faces shall
gather blackness

27 They shall run like mighty men they shall climb the wall like men
of war and they shall march every one on his ways and they shall not
break their ranks 28 Neither shall one thrust another they shall
walk every one in his path and when they fall upon the sword they
shall not be wounded

29 They shall run to and fro in the city they shall run upon the
wall they shall climb up upon the houses they shall enter in at the
windows like a thief

210 The earth shall quake before them the heavens shall tremble the
sun and the moon shall be dark and the stars shall withdraw their
shining 211 And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army for
his camp is very great for he is strong that executeth his word for
the day of the LORD is great and very terrible and who can abide it
212 Therefore also now saith the LORD turn ye even to me with all
your heart and with fasting and with weeping and with mourning
