before her and ye shall cast them into the palace saith the LORD

44 Come to Bethel and transgress at Gilgal multiply transgression
and bring your sacrifices every morning and your tithes after three
years 45 And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven and
proclaim and publish the free offerings for this liketh you O ye
children of Israel saith the Lord GOD

46 And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your cities
and want of bread in all your places yet have ye not returned unto
me saith the LORD

47 And also I have withholden the rain from you when there were yet
three months to the harvest and I caused it to rain upon one city
and caused it not to rain upon another city one piece was rained
upon and the piece whereupon it rained not withered

48 So two or three cities wandered unto one city to drink water but
they were not satisfied yet have ye not returned unto me saith the
LORD

49 I have smitten you with blasting and mildew when your gardens and
your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees increased the
palmerworm devoured them yet have ye not returned unto me saith the
LORD

410 I have sent among you the pestilence after the manner of Egypt
your young men have I slain with the sword and have taken away your
horses and I have made the stink of your camps to come up unto your
nostrils yet have ye not returned unto me saith the LORD

411 I have overthrown some of you as God overthrew Sodom and
Gomorrah and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning yet
have ye not returned unto me saith the LORD

412 Therefore thus will I do unto thee O Israel and because I will
do this unto thee prepare to meet thy God O Israel

413 For lo he that formeth the mountains and createth the wind
and declareth unto man what is his thought that maketh the morning
darkness and treadeth upon the high places of the earth The LORD
The God of hosts is his name

51 Hear ye this word which I take up against you even a lamentation
O house of Israel

52 The virgin of Israel is fallen she shall no more rise she is
forsaken upon her land there is none to raise her up

53 For thus saith the Lord GOD The city that went out by a thousand
shall leave an hundred and that which went forth by an hundred shall
leave ten to the house of Israel

54 For thus saith the LORD unto the house of Israel Seek ye me and
ye shall live 55 But seek not Bethel nor enter into Gilgal and
pass not to Beersheba for Gilgal shall surely go into captivity and
Bethel shall come to nought

56 Seek the LORD and ye shall live lest he break out like fire in
the house of Joseph and devour it and there be none to quench it in
Bethel

57 Ye who turn judgment to wormwood and leave off righteousness in
the earth 58 Seek him that maketh the seven stars and Orion and
turneth the shadow of death into the morning and maketh the day dark
with night that calleth for the waters of the sea and poureth them
out upon the face of the earth The LORD is his name 59 That
strengtheneth the spoiled against the strong so that the spoiled
shall come against the fortress

510 They hate him that rebuketh in the gate and they abhor him that
speaketh uprightly

511 Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor and ye
take from him burdens of wheat ye have built houses of hewn stone
but ye shall not dwell in them ye have planted pleasant vineyards
but ye shall not drink wine of them

512 For I know your manifold transgressions and your mighty sins
they afflict the just they take a bribe and they turn aside the poor
in the gate from their right

513 Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time for it is
an evil time

514 Seek good and not evil that ye may live and so the LORD the
God of hosts shall be with you as ye have spoken

515 Hate the evil and love the good and establish judgment in the
gate it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious unto the
remnant of Joseph

516 Therefore the LORD the God of hosts the LORD saith thus
Wailing shall be in all streets and they shall say in all the
highways Alas alas  and they shall call the husbandman to mourning
and such as are skilful of lamentation to wailing

517 And in all vineyards shall be wailing for I will pass through
thee saith the LORD

