against her mother the daughter in law against her mother in law a
mans enemies are the men of his own house

77 Therefore I will look unto the LORD I will wait for the God of my
salvation my God will hear me

78 Rejoice not against me O mine enemy when I fall I shall arise
when I sit in darkness the LORD shall be a light unto me

79 I will bear the indignation of the LORD because I have sinned
against him until he plead my cause and execute judgment for me he
will bring me forth to the light and I shall behold his
righteousness

710 Then she that is mine enemy shall see it and shame shall cover
her which said unto me Where is the LORD thy God mine eyes shall
behold her now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets

711 In the day that thy walls are to be built in that day shall the
decree be far removed

712 In that day also he shall come even to thee from Assyria and
from the fortified cities and from the fortress even to the river
and from sea to sea and from mountain to mountain

713 Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that
dwell therein for the fruit of their doings

714 Feed thy people with thy rod the flock of thine heritage which
dwell solitarily in the wood in the midst of Carmel let them feed in
Bashan and Gilead as in the days of old

715 According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will
I shew unto him marvellous things

716 The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might they
shall lay their hand upon their mouth their ears shall be deaf

717 They shall lick the dust like a serpent they shall move out of
their holes like worms of the earth they shall be afraid of the LORD
our God and shall fear because of thee

718 Who is a God like unto thee that pardoneth iniquity and passeth
by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage he retaineth not
his anger for ever because he delighteth in mercy

719 He will turn again he will have compassion upon us he will
subdue our iniquities and thou wilt cast all their sins into the
depths of the sea

720 Thou wilt perform the truth to Jacob and the mercy to Abraham
which thou hast sworn unto our fathers from the days of old




Nahum


11 The burden of Nineveh The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite

12 God is jealous and the LORD revengeth the LORD revengeth and is
furious the LORD will take vengeance on his adversaries and he
reserveth wrath for his enemies

13 The LORD is slow to anger and great in power and will not at all
acquit the wicked the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and in the
storm and the clouds are the dust of his feet

14 He rebuketh the sea and maketh it dry and drieth up all the
rivers Bashan languisheth and Carmel and the flower of Lebanon
languisheth

15 The mountains quake at him and the hills melt and the earth is
burned at his presence yea the world and all that dwell therein

16 Who can stand before his indignation and who can abide in the
fierceness of his anger his fury is poured out like fire and the
rocks are thrown down by him

17 The LORD is good a strong hold in the day of trouble and he
knoweth them that trust in him

18 But with an overrunning flood he will make an utter end of the
place thereof and darkness shall pursue his enemies

19 What do ye imagine against the LORD he will make an utter end
affliction shall not rise up the second time

110 For while they be folden together as thorns and while they are
drunken as drunkards they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry

111 There is one come out of thee that imagineth evil against the
LORD a wicked counsellor

112 Thus saith the LORD Though they be quiet and likewise many yet
thus shall they be cut down when he shall pass through Though I have
afflicted thee I will afflict thee no more

113 For now will I break his yoke from off thee and will burst thy
