bonds in sunder

114 And the LORD hath given a commandment concerning thee that no
more of thy name be sown out of the house of thy gods will I cut off
the graven image and the molten image I will make thy grave for thou
art vile

115 Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth good
tidings that publisheth peace O Judah keep thy solemn feasts
perform thy vows for the wicked shall no more pass through thee he
is utterly cut off

21 He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face keep the
munition watch the way make thy loins strong fortify thy power
mightily

22 For the LORD hath turned away the excellency of Jacob as the
excellency of Israel for the emptiers have emptied them out and
marred their vine branches

23 The shield of his mighty men is made red the valiant men are in
scarlet the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his
preparation and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken

24 The chariots shall rage in the streets they shall justle one
against another in the broad ways they shall seem like torches they
shall run like the lightnings

25 He shall recount his worthies they shall stumble in their walk
they shall make haste to the wall thereof and the defence shall be
prepared

26 The gates of the rivers shall be opened and the palace shall be
dissolved

27 And Huzzab shall be led away captive she shall be brought up and
her maids shall lead her as with the voice of doves tabering upon
their breasts

28 But Nineveh is of old like a pool of water yet they shall flee
away

Stand stand shall they cry but none shall look back

29 Take ye the spoil of silver take the spoil of gold for there is
none end of the store and glory out of all the pleasant furniture

210 She is empty and void and waste and the heart melteth and the
knees smite together and much pain is in all loins and the faces of
them all gather blackness

211 Where is the dwelling of the lions and the feedingplace of the
young lions where the lion even the old lion walked and the lions
whelp and none made them afraid  212 The lion did tear in pieces
enough for his whelps and strangled for his lionesses and filled his
holes with prey and his dens with ravin

213 Behold I am against thee saith the LORD of hosts and I will
burn her chariots in the smoke and the sword shall devour thy young
lions and I will cut off thy prey from the earth and the voice of
thy messengers shall no more be heard

31 Woe to the bloody city it is all full of lies and robbery the
prey departeth not 32 The noise of a whip and the noise of the
rattling of the wheels and of the pransing horses and of the jumping
chariots

33 The horseman lifteth up both the bright sword and the glittering
spear and there is a multitude of slain and a great number of
carcases and there is none end of their corpses they stumble upon
their corpses 34 Because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the
wellfavoured harlot the mistress of witchcrafts that selleth nations
through her whoredoms and families through her witchcrafts

35 Behold I am against thee saith the LORD of hosts and I will
discover thy skirts upon thy face and I will shew the nations thy
nakedness and the kingdoms thy shame

36 And I will cast abominable filth upon thee and make thee vile
and will set thee as a gazingstock

37 And it shall come to pass that all they that look upon thee shall
flee from thee and say Nineveh is laid waste who will bemoan her
whence shall I seek comforters for thee  38 Art thou better than
populous No that was situate among the rivers that had the waters
round about it whose rampart was the sea and her wall was from the
sea  39 Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength and it was infinite
Put and Lubim were thy helpers

310 Yet was she carried away she went into captivity her young
children also were dashed in pieces at the top of all the streets and
they cast lots for her honourable men and all her great men were
bound in chains

311 Thou also shalt be drunken thou shalt be hid thou also shalt
seek strength because of the enemy

312 All thy strong holds shall be like fig trees with the firstripe
figs if they be shaken they shall even fall into the mouth of the
eater
