24 Behold his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him but the
just shall live by his faith

25 Yea also because he transgresseth by wine he is a proud man
neither keepeth at home who enlargeth his desire as hell and is as
death and cannot be satisfied but gathereth unto him all nations
and heapeth unto him all people 26 Shall not all these take up a
parable against him and a taunting proverb against him and say Woe
to him that increaseth that which is not his how long and to him
that ladeth himself with thick clay  27 Shall they not rise up
suddenly that shall bite thee and awake that shall vex thee and thou
shalt be for booties unto them  28 Because thou hast spoiled many
nations all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee because of
mens blood and for the violence of the land of the city and of all
that dwell therein

29 Woe to him that coveteth an evil covetousness to his house that
he may set his nest on high that he may be delivered from the power
of evil  210 Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off
many people and hast sinned against thy soul

211 For the stone shall cry out of the wall and the beam out of the
timber shall answer it

212 Woe to him that buildeth a town with blood and stablisheth a
city by iniquity  213 Behold is it not of the LORD of hosts that
the people shall labour in the very fire and the people shall weary
themselves for very vanity  214 For the earth shall be filled with
the knowledge of the glory of the LORD as the waters cover the sea

215 Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink that puttest thy
bottle to him and makest him drunken also that thou mayest look on
their nakedness  216 Thou art filled with shame for glory drink
thou also and let thy foreskin be uncovered the cup of the LORDs
right hand shall be turned unto thee and shameful spewing shall be on
thy glory

217 For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee and the spoil of
beasts which made them afraid because of mens blood and for the
violence of the land of the city and of all that dwell therein

218 What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath
graven it the molten image and a teacher of lies that the maker of
his work trusteth therein to make dumb idols  219 Woe unto him that
saith to the wood Awake to the dumb stone Arise it shall teach
Behold it is laid over with gold and silver and there is no breath
at all in the midst of it

220 But the LORD is in his holy temple let all the earth keep
silence before him

31 A prayer of Habakkuk the prophet upon Shigionoth

32 O LORD I have heard thy speech and was afraid O LORD revive
thy work in the midst of the years in the midst of the years make
known in wrath remember mercy

33 God came from Teman and the Holy One from mount Paran Selah His
glory covered the heavens and the earth was full of his praise

34 And his brightness was as the light he had horns coming out of
his hand and there was the hiding of his power

35 Before him went the pestilence and burning coals went forth at
his feet

36 He stood and measured the earth he beheld and drove asunder the
nations and the everlasting mountains were scattered the perpetual
hills did bow his ways are everlasting

37 I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction and the curtains of the
land of Midian did tremble

38 Was the LORD displeased against the rivers was thine anger
against the rivers was thy wrath against the sea that thou didst
ride upon thine horses and thy chariots of salvation  39 Thy bow was
made quite naked according to the oaths of the tribes even thy word
Selah Thou didst cleave the earth with rivers

310 The mountains saw thee and they trembled the overflowing of the
water passed by the deep uttered his voice and lifted up his hands
on high

311 The sun and moon stood still in their habitation at the light of
thine arrows they went and at the shining of thy glittering spear

312 Thou didst march through the land in indignation thou didst
thresh the heathen in anger

313 Thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people even for
salvation with thine anointed thou woundedst the head out of the
house of the wicked by discovering the foundation unto the neck
Selah

314 Thou didst strike through with his staves the head of his
villages they came out as a whirlwind to scatter me their rejoicing
was as to devour the poor secretly

315 Thou didst walk through the sea with thine horses through the
heap of great waters
