
316 When I heard my belly trembled my lips quivered at the voice
rottenness entered into my bones and I trembled in myself that I
might rest in the day of trouble when he cometh up unto the people
he will invade them with his troops

317 Although the fig tree shall not blossom neither shall fruit be
in the vines the labour of the olive shall fail and the fields shall
yield no meat the flock shall be cut off from the fold and there
shall be no herd in the stalls 318 Yet I will rejoice in the LORD I
will joy in the God of my salvation

319 The LORD God is my strength and he will make my feet like hinds
feet and he will make me to walk upon mine high places To the chief
singer on my stringed instruments




Zephaniah


11 The word of the LORD which came unto Zephaniah the son of Cushi
the son of Gedaliah the son of Amariah the son of Hizkiah in the
days of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah

12 I will utterly consume all things from off the land saith the
LORD

13 I will consume man and beast I will consume the fowls of the
heaven and the fishes of the sea and the stumbling blocks with the
wicked and I will cut off man from off the land saith the LORD

14 I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah and upon all the
inhabitants of Jerusalem and I will cut off the remnant of Baal from
this place and the name of the Chemarims with the priests 15 And
them that worship the host of heaven upon the housetops and them that
worship and that swear by the LORD and that swear by Malcham 16 And
them that are turned back from the LORD and those that have not
sought the LORD nor enquired for him

17 Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD for the day of the
LORD is at hand for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice he hath bid
his guests

18 And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORDs sacrifice that
I will punish the princes and the kings children and all such as
are clothed with strange apparel

19 In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the
threshold which fill their masters houses with violence and deceit

110 And it shall come to pass in that day saith the LORD that there
shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate and an howling from
the second and a great crashing from the hills

111 Howl ye inhabitants of Maktesh for all the merchant people are
cut down all they that bear silver are cut off

112 And it shall come to pass at that time that I will search
Jerusalem with candles and punish the men that are settled on their
lees that say in their heart The LORD will not do good neither will
he do evil

113 Therefore their goods shall become a booty and their houses a
desolation they shall also build houses but not inhabit them and
they shall plant vineyards but not drink the wine thereof

114 The great day of the LORD is near it is near and hasteth
greatly even the voice of the day of the LORD the mighty man shall
cry there bitterly

115 That day is a day of wrath a day of trouble and distress a day
of wasteness and desolation a day of darkness and gloominess a day
of clouds and thick darkness 116 A day of the trumpet and alarm
against the fenced cities and against the high towers

117 And I will bring distress upon men that they shall walk like
blind men because they have sinned against the LORD and their blood
shall be poured out as dust and their flesh as the dung

118 Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them
in the day of the LORDs wrath but the whole land shall be devoured
by the fire of his jealousy for he shall make even a speedy riddance
of all them that dwell in the land

21 Gather yourselves together yea gather together O nation not
desired 22 Before the decree bring forth before the day pass as the
chaff before the fierce anger of the LORD come upon you before the
day of the LORDs anger come upon you

23 Seek ye the LORD all ye meek of the earth which have wrought his
judgment seek righteousness seek meekness it may be ye shall be hid
in the day of the LORDs anger

24 For Gaza shall be forsaken and Ashkelon a desolation they shall
drive out Ashdod at the noon day and Ekron shall be rooted up

25 Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast the nation of the
Cherethites the word of the LORD is against you O Canaan the land
