
121 At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn and
his disciples were an hungred and began to pluck the ears of corn and
to eat

122 But when the Pharisees saw it they said unto him Behold thy
disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day

123 But he said unto them Have ye not read what David did when he
was an hungred and they that were with him 124 How he entered into
the house of God and did eat the shewbread which was not lawful for
him to eat neither for them which were with him but only for the
priests  125 Or have ye not read in the law how that on the sabbath
days the priests in the temple profane the sabbath and are blameless
126 But I say unto you That in this place is one greater than the
temple

127 But if ye had known what this meaneth I will have mercy and not
sacrifice ye would not have condemned the guiltless

128 For the Son of man is Lord even of the sabbath day

129 And when he was departed thence he went into their synagogue
1210 And behold there was a man which had his hand withered And
they asked him saying Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days that
they might accuse him

1211 And he said unto them What man shall there be among you that
shall have one sheep and if it fall into a pit on the sabbath day
will he not lay hold on it and lift it out  1212 How much then is a
man better than a sheep Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the
sabbath days

1213 Then saith he to the man Stretch forth thine hand And he
stretched it forth and it was restored whole like as the other

1214 Then the Pharisees went out and held a council against him how
they might destroy him

1215 But when Jesus knew it he withdrew himself from thence and
great multitudes followed him and he healed them all 1216 And
charged them that they should not make him known 1217 That it might
be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet saying 1218
Behold my servant whom I have chosen my beloved in whom my soul is
well pleased I will put my spirit upon him and he shall shew
judgment to the Gentiles

1219 He shall not strive nor cry neither shall any man hear his
voice in the streets

1220 A bruised reed shall he not break and smoking flax shall he not
quench till he send forth judgment unto victory

1221 And in his name shall the Gentiles trust

1222 Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil blind and
dumb and he healed him insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake
and saw

1223 And all the people were amazed and said Is not this the son of
David  1224 But when the Pharisees heard it they said This fellow
doth not cast out devils but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils

1225 And Jesus knew their thoughts and said unto them Every kingdom
divided against itself is brought to desolation and every city or
house divided against itself shall not stand 1226 And if Satan cast
out Satan he is divided against himself how shall then his kingdom
stand  1227 And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils by whom do your
children cast them out therefore they shall be your judges

1228 But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God then the kingdom
of God is come unto you

1229 Or else how can one enter into a strong mans house and spoil
his goods except he first bind the strong man and then he will spoil
his house

1230 He that is not with me is against me and he that gathereth not
with me scattereth abroad

1231 Wherefore I say unto you All manner of sin and blasphemy shall
be forgiven unto men but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall
not be forgiven unto men

1232 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man it shall
be forgiven him but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost it
shall not be forgiven him neither in this world neither in the world
to come

1233 Either make the tree good and his fruit good or else make the
tree corrupt and his fruit corrupt for the tree is known by his
fruit

1234 O generation of vipers how can ye being evil speak good
things  for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh

1235 A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth
good things and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth
evil things

