
2762 Now the next day that followed the day of the preparation the
chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate 2763 Saying
Sir we remember that that deceiver said while he was yet alive
After three days I will rise again

2764 Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the
third day lest his disciples come by night and steal him away and
say unto the people He is risen from the dead so the last error
shall be worse than the first

2765 Pilate said unto them Ye have a watch go your way make it as
sure as ye can

2766 So they went and made the sepulchre sure sealing the stone
and setting a watch

281 In the end of the sabbath as it began to dawn toward the first
day of the week came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the
sepulchre

282 And behold there was a great earthquake for the angel of the
Lord descended from heaven and came and rolled back the stone from
the door and sat upon it

283 His countenance was like lightning and his raiment white as
snow 284 And for fear of him the keepers did shake and became as
dead men

285 And the angel answered and said unto the women Fear not ye for
I know that ye seek Jesus which was crucified

286 He is not here for he is risen as he said Come see the place
where the Lord lay

287 And go quickly and tell his disciples that he is risen from the
dead and behold he goeth before you into Galilee there shall ye
see him lo I have told you

288 And they departed quickly from the sepulchre with fear and great
joy and did run to bring his disciples word

289 And as they went to tell his disciples behold Jesus met them
saying All hail And they came and held him by the feet and
worshipped him

2810 Then said Jesus unto them Be not afraid go tell my brethren
that they go into Galilee and there shall they see me

2811 Now when they were going behold some of the watch came into
the city and shewed unto the chief priests all the things that were
done

2812 And when they were assembled with the elders and had taken
counsel they gave large money unto the soldiers 2813 Saying Say
ye His disciples came by night and stole him away while we slept

2814 And if this come to the governors ears we will persuade him
and secure you

2815 So they took the money and did as they were taught and this
saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day

2816 Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee into a
mountain where Jesus had appointed them

2817 And when they saw him they worshipped him but some doubted

2818 And Jesus came and spake unto them saying All power is given
unto me in heaven and in earth

2819 Go ye therefore and teach all nations baptizing them in the
name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost 2820
Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you
and lo I am with you alway even unto the end of the world Amen




The Gospel According to Saint Mark


11 The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ the Son of God 12
As it is written in the prophets Behold I send my messenger before
thy face which shall prepare thy way before thee

13 The voice of one crying in the wilderness Prepare ye the way of
the Lord make his paths straight

14 John did baptize in the wilderness and preach the baptism of
repentance for the remission of sins

15 And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea and they of
Jerusalem and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan
confessing their sins

16 And John was clothed with camels hair and with a girdle of a
skin about his loins and he did eat locusts and wild honey 17 And
preached saying There cometh one mightier than I after me the
latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose
