
18 I indeed have baptized you with water but he shall baptize you
with the Holy Ghost

19 And it came to pass in those days that Jesus came from Nazareth
of Galilee and was baptized of John in Jordan

110 And straightway coming up out of the water he saw the heavens
opened and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him 111 And there
came a voice from heaven saying Thou art my beloved Son in whom I
am well pleased

112 And immediately the spirit driveth him into the wilderness

113 And he was there in the wilderness forty days tempted of Satan
and was with the wild beasts and the angels ministered unto him

114 Now after that John was put in prison Jesus came into Galilee
preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God 115 And saying The time
is fulfilled and the kingdom of God is at hand repent ye and
believe the gospel

116 Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee he saw Simon and Andrew
his brother casting a net into the sea for they were fishers

117 And Jesus said unto them Come ye after me and I will make you
to become fishers of men

118 And straightway they forsook their nets and followed him

119 And when he had gone a little farther thence he saw James the
son of Zebedee and John his brother who also were in the ship
mending their nets

120 And straightway he called them and they left their father
Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants and went after him

121 And they went into Capernaum and straightway on the sabbath day
he entered into the synagogue and taught

122 And they were astonished at his doctrine for he taught them as
one that had authority and not as the scribes

123 And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit
and he cried out 124 Saying Let us alone what have we to do with
thee thou Jesus of Nazareth art thou come to destroy us I know thee
who thou art the Holy One of God

125 And Jesus rebuked him saying Hold thy peace and come out of
him

126 And when the unclean spirit had torn him and cried with a loud
voice he came out of him

127 And they were all amazed insomuch that they questioned among
themselves saying What thing is this what new doctrine is this for
with authority commandeth he even the unclean spirits and they do
obey him

128 And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region
round about Galilee

129 And forthwith when they were come out of the synagogue they
entered into the house of Simon and Andrew with James and John

130 But Simons wifes mother lay sick of a fever and anon they tell
him of her

131 And he came and took her by the hand and lifted her up and
immediately the fever left her and she ministered unto them

132 And at even when the sun did set they brought unto him all that
were diseased and them that were possessed with devils

133 And all the city was gathered together at the door

134 And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases and cast
out many devils and suffered not the devils to speak because they
knew him

135 And in the morning rising up a great while before day he went
out and departed into a solitary place and there prayed

136 And Simon and they that were with him followed after him

137 And when they had found him they said unto him All men seek for
thee

138 And he said unto them Let us go into the next towns that I may
preach there also for therefore came I forth

139 And he preached in their synagogues throughout all Galilee and
cast out devils

140 And there came a leper to him beseeching him and kneeling down
to him and saying unto him If thou wilt thou canst make me clean

141 And Jesus moved with compassion put forth his hand and touched
him and saith unto him I will be thou clean

