Nazareth which was crucified he is risen he is not here behold the
place where they laid him

167 But go your way tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth
before you into Galilee there shall ye see him as he said unto you

168 And they went out quickly and fled from the sepulchre for they
trembled and were amazed neither said they any thing to any man for
they were afraid

169 Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week he
appeared first to Mary Magdalene out of whom he had cast seven
devils

1610 And she went and told them that had been with him as they
mourned and wept

1611 And they when they had heard that he was alive and had been
seen of her believed not

1612 After that he appeared in another form unto two of them as they
walked and went into the country

1613 And they went and told it unto the residue neither believed
they them

1614 Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat and
upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart because they
believed not them which had seen him after he was risen

1615 And he said unto them Go ye into all the world and preach the
gospel to every creature

1616 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved but he that
believeth not shall be damned

1617 And these signs shall follow them that believe In my name shall
they cast out devils they shall speak with new tongues 1618 They
shall take up serpents and if they drink any deadly thing it shall
not hurt them they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall
recover

1619 So then after the Lord had spoken unto them he was received up
into heaven and sat on the right hand of God

1620 And they went forth and preached every where the Lord working
with them and confirming the word with signs following Amen




The Gospel According to Saint Luke


11 Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a
declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us
12 Even as they delivered them unto us which from the beginning were
eyewitnesses and ministers of the word 13 It seemed good to me
also having had perfect understanding of all things from the very
first to write unto thee in order most excellent Theophilus 14
That thou mightest know the certainty of those things wherein thou
hast been instructed

15 THERE was in the days of Herod the king of Judaea a certain
priest named Zacharias of the course of Abia and his wife was of the
daughters of Aaron and her name was Elisabeth

16 And they were both righteous before God walking in all the
commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless

17 And they had no child because that Elisabeth was barren and they
both were now well stricken in years

18 And it came to pass that while he executed the priests office
before God in the order of his course 19 According to the custom of
the priests office his lot was to burn incense when he went into the
temple of the Lord

110 And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the
time of incense

111 And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the
right side of the altar of incense

112 And when Zacharias saw him he was troubled and fear fell upon
him

113 But the angel said unto him Fear not Zacharias for thy prayer
is heard and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son and thou shalt
call his name John

114 And thou shalt have joy and gladness and many shall rejoice at
his birth

115 For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord and shall drink
neither wine nor strong drink and he shall be filled with the Holy
Ghost even from his mothers womb

116 And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord
their God
