on earth peace good will toward men

215 And it came to pass as the angels were gone away from them into
heaven the shepherds said one to another Let us now go even unto
Bethlehem and see this thing which is come to pass which the Lord
hath made known unto us

216 And they came with haste and found Mary and Joseph and the
babe lying in a manger

217 And when they had seen it they made known abroad the saying
which was told them concerning this child

218 And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were
told them by the shepherds

219 But Mary kept all these things and pondered them in her heart

220 And the shepherds returned glorifying and praising God for all
the things that they had heard and seen as it was told unto them

221 And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the
child his name was called JESUS which was so named of the angel
before he was conceived in the womb

222 And when the days of her purification according to the law of
Moses were accomplished they brought him to Jerusalem to present him
to the Lord 223 As it is written in the law of the LORD Every male
that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord 224 And to
offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the
Lord A pair of turtledoves or two young pigeons

225 And behold there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon
and the same man was just and devout waiting for the consolation of
Israel and the Holy Ghost was upon him

226 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost that he should
not see death before he had seen the Lords Christ

227 And he came by the Spirit into the temple and when the parents
brought in the child Jesus to do for him after the custom of the law
228 Then took he him up in his arms and blessed God and said 229
Lord now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace according to thy
word 230 For mine eyes have seen thy salvation 231 Which thou hast
prepared before the face of all people 232 A light to lighten the
Gentiles and the glory of thy people Israel

233 And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were
spoken of him

234 And Simeon blessed them and said unto Mary his mother Behold
this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel and
for a sign which shall be spoken against 235 Yea a sword shall
pierce through thy own soul also that the thoughts of many hearts
may be revealed

236 And there was one Anna a prophetess the daughter of Phanuel of
the tribe of Aser she was of a great age and had lived with an
husband seven years from her virginity 237 And she was a widow of
about fourscore and four years which departed not from the temple
but served God with fastings and prayers night and day

238 And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the
Lord and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in
Jerusalem

239 And when they had performed all things according to the law of
the Lord they returned into Galilee to their own city Nazareth

240 And the child grew and waxed strong in spirit filled with
wisdom and the grace of God was upon him

241 Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the
passover

242 And when he was twelve years old they went up to Jerusalem after
the custom of the feast

243 And when they had fulfilled the days as they returned the child
Jesus tarried behind in Jerusalem and Joseph and his mother knew not
of it

244 But they supposing him to have been in the company went a days
journey and they sought him among their kinsfolk and acquaintance

245 And when they found him not they turned back again to Jerusalem
seeking him

246 And it came to pass that after three days they found him in the
temple sitting in the midst of the doctors both hearing them and
asking them questions

247 And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and
answers

248 And when they saw him they were amazed and his mother said unto
him Son why hast thou thus dealt with us behold thy father and I
have sought thee sorrowing

249 And he said unto them How is it that ye sought me wist ye not
