
918 And it came to pass as he was alone praying his disciples were
with him and he asked them saying Whom say the people that I am
919 They answering said John the Baptist but some say Elias and
others say that one of the old prophets is risen again

920 He said unto them But whom say ye that I am Peter answering
said The Christ of God

921 And he straitly charged them and commanded them to tell no man
that thing 922 Saying The Son of man must suffer many things and
be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes and be slain
and be raised the third day

923 And he said to them all If any man will come after me let him
deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me

924 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it but whosoever
will lose his life for my sake the same shall save it

925 For what is a man advantaged if he gain the whole world and
lose himself or be cast away  926 For whosoever shall be ashamed of
me and of my words of him shall the Son of man be ashamed when he
shall come in his own glory and in his Fathers and of the holy
angels

927 But I tell you of a truth there be some standing here which
shall not taste of death till they see the kingdom of God

928 And it came to pass about an eight days after these sayings he
took Peter and John and James and went up into a mountain to pray

929 And as he prayed the fashion of his countenance was altered and
his raiment was white and glistering

930 And behold there talked with him two men which were Moses and
Elias 931 Who appeared in glory and spake of his decease which he
should accomplish at Jerusalem

932 But Peter and they that were with him were heavy with sleep and
when they were awake they saw his glory and the two men that stood
with him

933 And it came to pass as they departed from him Peter said unto
Jesus Master it is good for us to be here and let us make three
tabernacles one for thee and one for Moses and one for Elias not
knowing what he said

934 While he thus spake there came a cloud and overshadowed them
and they feared as they entered into the cloud

935 And there came a voice out of the cloud saying This is my
beloved Son hear him

936 And when the voice was past Jesus was found alone And they kept
it close and told no man in those days any of those things which they
had seen

937 And it came to pass that on the next day when they were come
down from the hill much people met him

938 And behold a man of the company cried out saying Master I
beseech thee look upon my son for he is mine only child

939 And lo a spirit taketh him and he suddenly crieth out and it
teareth him that he foameth again and bruising him hardly departeth
from him

940 And I besought thy disciples to cast him out and they could not

941 And Jesus answering said O faithless and perverse generation
how long shall I be with you and suffer you Bring thy son hither

942 And as he was yet a coming the devil threw him down and tare
him

And Jesus rebuked the unclean spirit and healed the child and
delivered him again to his father

943 And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God But while
they wondered every one at all things which Jesus did he said unto
his disciples 944 Let these sayings sink down into your ears for
the Son of man shall be delivered into the hands of men

945 But they understood not this saying and it was hid from them
that they perceived it not and they feared to ask him of that saying

946 Then there arose a reasoning among them which of them should be
greatest

947 And Jesus perceiving the thought of their heart took a child
and set him by him 948 And said unto them Whosoever shall receive
this child in my name receiveth me and whosoever shall receive me
receiveth him that sent me for he that is least among you all the
same shall be great

949 And John answered and said Master we saw one casting out devils
in thy name and we forbad him because he followeth not with us

950 And Jesus said unto him Forbid him not for he that is not
