against us is for us

951 And it came to pass when the time was come that he should be
received up he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem 952 And
sent messengers before his face and they went and entered into a
village of the Samaritans to make ready for him

953 And they did not receive him because his face was as though he
would go to Jerusalem

954 And when his disciples James and John saw this they said Lord
wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven and consume
them even as Elias did  955 But he turned and rebuked them and
said Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of

956 For the Son of man is not come to destroy mens lives but to
save them And they went to another village

957 And it came to pass that as they went in the way a certain man
said unto him Lord I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest

958 And Jesus said unto him Foxes have holes and birds of the air
have nests but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head

959 And he said unto another Follow me But he said Lord suffer me
first to go and bury my father

960 Jesus said unto him Let the dead bury their dead but go thou
and preach the kingdom of God

961 And another also said Lord I will follow thee but let me first
go bid them farewell which are at home at my house

962 And Jesus said unto him No man having put his hand to the
plough and looking back is fit for the kingdom of God

101 After these things the LORD appointed other seventy also and
sent them two and two before his face into every city and place
whither he himself would come

102 Therefore said he unto them The harvest truly is great but the
labourers are few pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that he
would send forth labourers into his harvest

103 Go your ways behold I send you forth as lambs among wolves

104 Carry neither purse nor scrip nor shoes and salute no man by
the way

105 And into whatsoever house ye enter first say Peace be to this
house

106 And if the son of peace be there your peace shall rest upon it
if not it shall turn to you again

107 And in the same house remain eating and drinking such things as
they give for the labourer is worthy of his hire Go not from house
to house

108 And into whatsoever city ye enter and they receive you eat such
things as are set before you 109 And heal the sick that are therein
and say unto them The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you

1010 But into whatsoever city ye enter and they receive you not go
your ways out into the streets of the same and say 1011 Even the
very dust of your city which cleaveth on us we do wipe off against
you notwithstanding be ye sure of this that the kingdom of God is
come nigh unto you

1012 But I say unto you that it shall be more tolerable in that day
for Sodom than for that city

1013 Woe unto thee Chorazin woe unto thee Bethsaida for if the
mighty works had been done in Tyre and Sidon which have been done in
you they had a great while ago repented sitting in sackcloth and
ashes

1014 But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the
judgment than for you

1015 And thou Capernaum which art exalted to heaven shalt be
thrust down to hell

1016 He that heareth you heareth me and he that despiseth you
despiseth me and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me

1017 And the seventy returned again with joy saying Lord even the
devils are subject unto us through thy name

1018 And he said unto them I beheld Satan as lightning fall from
heaven

1019 Behold I give unto you power to tread on serpents and
scorpions and over all the power of the enemy and nothing shall by
any means hurt you

1020 Notwithstanding in this rejoice not that the spirits are
subject unto you but rather rejoice because your names are written
in heaven

