unto your children how much more shall your heavenly Father give the
Holy Spirit to them that ask him  1114 And he was casting out a
devil and it was dumb And it came to pass when the devil was gone
out the dumb spake and the people wondered

1115 But some of them said He casteth out devils through Beelzebub
the chief of the devils

1116 And others tempting him sought of him a sign from heaven

1117 But he knowing their thoughts said unto them Every kingdom
divided against itself is brought to desolation and a house divided
against a house falleth

1118 If Satan also be divided against himself how shall his kingdom
stand because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub

1119 And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils by whom do your sons cast
them out therefore shall they be your judges

1120 But if I with the finger of God cast out devils no doubt the
kingdom of God is come upon you

1121 When a strong man armed keepeth his palace his goods are in
peace 1122 But when a stronger than he shall come upon him and
overcome him he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted
and divideth his spoils

1123 He that is not with me is against me and he that gathereth not
with me scattereth

1124 When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man he walketh through
dry places seeking rest and finding none he saith I will return
unto my house whence I came out

1125 And when he cometh he findeth it swept and garnished

1126 Then goeth he and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked
than himself and they enter in and dwell there and the last state
of that man is worse than the first

1127 And it came to pass as he spake these things a certain woman
of the company lifted up her voice and said unto him Blessed is the
womb that bare thee and the paps which thou hast sucked

1128 But he said Yea rather blessed are they that hear the word of
God and keep it

1129 And when the people were gathered thick together he began to
say This is an evil generation they seek a sign and there shall no
sign be given it but the sign of Jonas the prophet

1130 For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites so shall also the
Son of man be to this generation

1131 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the
men of this generation and condemn them for she came from the utmost
parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon and behold a
greater than Solomon is here

1132 The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this
generation and shall condemn it for they repented at the preaching
of Jonas and behold a greater than Jonas is here

1133 No man when he hath lighted a candle putteth it in a secret
place neither under a bushel but on a candlestick that they which
come in may see the light

1134 The light of the body is the eye therefore when thine eye is
single thy whole body also is full of light but when thine eye is
evil thy body also is full of darkness

1135 Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not
darkness

1136 If thy whole body therefore be full of light having no part
dark the whole shall be full of light as when the bright shining of
a candle doth give thee light

1137 And as he spake a certain Pharisee besought him to dine with
him and he went in and sat down to meat

1138 And when the Pharisee saw it he marvelled that he had not first
washed before dinner

1139 And the Lord said unto him Now do ye Pharisees make clean the
outside of the cup and the platter but your inward part is full of
ravening and wickedness

1140 Ye fools did not he that made that which is without make that
which is within also  1141 But rather give alms of such things as ye
have and behold all things are clean unto you

1142 But woe unto you Pharisees for ye tithe mint and rue and all
manner of herbs and pass over judgment and the love of God these
ought ye to have done and not to leave the other undone

1143 Woe unto you Pharisees for ye love the uppermost seats in the
synagogues and greetings in the markets

