
1259 I tell thee thou shalt not depart thence till thou hast paid
the very last mite

131 There were present at that season some that told him of the
Galilaeans whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices

132 And Jesus answering said unto them Suppose ye that these
Galilaeans were sinners above all the Galilaeans because they
suffered such things  133 I tell you Nay but except ye repent ye
shall all likewise perish

134 Or those eighteen upon whom the tower in Siloam fell and slew
them think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in
Jerusalem  135 I tell you Nay but except ye repent ye shall all
likewise perish

136 He spake also this parable A certain man had a fig tree planted
in his vineyard and he came and sought fruit thereon and found none

137 Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard Behold these
three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree and find none cut
it down why cumbereth it the ground  138 And he answering said unto
him Lord let it alone this year also till I shall dig about it and
dung it 139 And if it bear fruit well and if not then after that
thou shalt cut it down

1310 And he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath

1311 And behold there was a woman which had a spirit of infirmity
eighteen years and was bowed together and could in no wise lift up
herself

1312 And when Jesus saw her he called her to him and said unto her
Woman thou art loosed from thine infirmity

1313 And he laid his hands on her and immediately she was made
straight and glorified God

1314 And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignation
because that Jesus had healed on the sabbath day and said unto the
people There are six days in which men ought to work in them
therefore come and be healed and not on the sabbath day

1315 The Lord then answered him and said Thou hypocrite doth not
each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the stall
and lead him away to watering  1316 And ought not this woman being
a daughter of Abraham whom Satan hath bound lo these eighteen
years be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day  1317 And when he
had said these things all his adversaries were ashamed and all the
people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him

1318 Then said he Unto what is the kingdom of God like and
whereunto shall I resemble it  1319 It is like a grain of mustard
seed which a man took and cast into his garden and it grew and
waxed a great tree and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of
it

1320 And again he said Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God
1321 It is like leaven which a woman took and hid in three measures
of meal till the whole was leavened

1322 And he went through the cities and villages teaching and
journeying toward Jerusalem

1323 Then said one unto him Lord are there few that be saved And
he said unto them 1324 Strive to enter in at the strait gate for
many I say unto you will seek to enter in and shall not be able

1325 When once the master of the house is risen up and hath shut to
the door and ye begin to stand without and to knock at the door
saying Lord Lord open unto us and he shall answer and say unto
you I know you not whence ye are 1326 Then shall ye begin to say
We have eaten and drunk in thy presence and thou hast taught in our
streets

1327 But he shall say I tell you I know you not whence ye are
depart from me all ye workers of iniquity

1328 There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth when ye shall see
Abraham and Isaac and Jacob and all the prophets in the kingdom of
God and you yourselves thrust out

1329 And they shall come from the east and from the west and from
the north and from the south and shall sit down in the kingdom of
God

1330 And behold there are last which shall be first and there are
first which shall be last

1331 The same day there came certain of the Pharisees saying unto
him Get thee out and depart hence for Herod will kill thee

1332 And he said unto them Go ye and tell that fox Behold I cast
out devils and I do cures to day and to morrow and the third day I
shall be perfected

1333 Nevertheless I must walk to day and to morrow and the day
following for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem

