great signs shall there be from heaven

2112 But before all these they shall lay their hands on you and
persecute you delivering you up to the synagogues and into prisons
being brought before kings and rulers for my names sake

2113 And it shall turn to you for a testimony

2114 Settle it therefore in your hearts not to meditate before what
ye shall answer 2115 For I will give you a mouth and wisdom which
all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay nor resist

2116 And ye shall be betrayed both by parents and brethren and
kinsfolks and friends and some of you shall they cause to be put to
death

2117 And ye shall be hated of all men for my names sake

2118 But there shall not an hair of your head perish

2119 In your patience possess ye your souls

2120 And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies then know
that the desolation thereof is nigh

2121 Then let them which are in Judaea flee to the mountains and let
them which are in the midst of it depart out and let not them that
are in the countries enter thereinto

2122 For these be the days of vengeance that all things which are
written may be fulfilled

2123 But woe unto them that are with child and to them that give
suck in those days for there shall be great distress in the land
and wrath upon this people

2124 And they shall fall by the edge of the sword and shall be led
away captive into all nations and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of
the Gentiles until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled

2125 And there shall be signs in the sun and in the moon and in the
stars and upon the earth distress of nations with perplexity the
sea and the waves roaring 2126 Mens hearts failing them for fear
and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth for
the powers of heaven shall be shaken

2127 And then shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with
power and great glory

2128 And when these things begin to come to pass then look up and
lift up your heads for your redemption draweth nigh

2129 And he spake to them a parable Behold the fig tree and all the
trees 2130 When they now shoot forth ye see and know of your own
selves that summer is now nigh at hand

2131 So likewise ye when ye see these things come to pass know ye
that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand

2132 Verily I say unto you This generation shall not pass away till
all be fulfilled

2133 Heaven and earth shall pass away but my words shall not pass
away

2134 And take heed to yourselves lest at any time your hearts be
overcharged with surfeiting and drunkenness and cares of this life
and so that day come upon you unawares

2135 For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face
of the whole earth

2136 Watch ye therefore and pray always that ye may be accounted
worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass and to
stand before the Son of man

2137 And in the day time he was teaching in the temple and at night
he went out and abode in the mount that is called the mount of
Olives

2138 And all the people came early in the morning to him in the
temple for to hear him

221 Now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh which is called the
Passover

222 And the chief priests and scribes sought how they might kill him
for they feared the people

223 Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot being of the
number of the twelve

224 And he went his way and communed with the chief priests and
captains how he might betray him unto them

225 And they were glad and covenanted to give him money

226 And he promised and sought opportunity to betray him unto them
in the absence of the multitude

