
1250 And I know that his commandment is life everlasting whatsoever
I speak therefore even as the Father said unto me so I speak

131 Now before the feast of the passover when Jesus knew that his
hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father
having loved his own which were in the world he loved them unto the
end

132 And supper being ended the devil having now put into the heart
of Judas Iscariot Simons son to betray him 133 Jesus knowing that
the Father had given all things into his hands and that he was come
from God and went to God 134 He riseth from supper and laid aside
his garments and took a towel and girded himself

135 After that he poureth water into a bason and began to wash the
disciples feet and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was
girded

136 Then cometh he to Simon Peter and Peter saith unto him Lord
dost thou wash my feet  137 Jesus answered and said unto him What I
do thou knowest not now but thou shalt know hereafter

138 Peter saith unto him Thou shalt never wash my feet Jesus
answered him If I wash thee not thou hast no part with me

139 Simon Peter saith unto him Lord not my feet only but also my
hands and my head

1310 Jesus saith to him He that is washed needeth not save to wash
his feet but is clean every whit and ye are clean but not all

1311 For he knew who should betray him therefore said he Ye are not
all clean

1312 So after he had washed their feet and had taken his garments
and was set down again he said unto them Know ye what I have done to
you  1313 Ye call me Master and Lord and ye say well for so I am

1314 If I then your Lord and Master have washed your feet ye also
ought to wash one anothers feet

1315 For I have given you an example that ye should do as I have
done to you

1316 Verily verily I say unto you The servant is not greater than
his lord neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him

1317 If ye know these things happy are ye if ye do them

1318 I speak not of you all I know whom I have chosen but that the
scripture may be fulfilled He that eateth bread with me hath lifted
up his heel against me

1319 Now I tell you before it come that when it is come to pass ye
may believe that I am he

1320 Verily verily I say unto you He that receiveth whomsoever I
send receiveth me and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent
me

1321 When Jesus had thus said he was troubled in spirit and
testified and said Verily verily I say unto you that one of you
shall betray me

1322 Then the disciples looked one on another doubting of whom he
spake

1323 Now there was leaning on Jesus bosom one of his disciples whom
Jesus loved

1324 Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him that he should ask who it
should be of whom he spake

1325 He then lying on Jesus breast saith unto him Lord who is it
1326 Jesus answered He it is to whom I shall give a sop when I
have dipped it And when he had dipped the sop he gave it to Judas
Iscariot the son of Simon

1327 And after the sop Satan entered into him Then said Jesus unto
him That thou doest do quickly

1328 Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto
him

1329 For some of them thought because Judas had the bag that Jesus
had said unto him Buy those things that we have need of against the
feast or that he should give something to the poor

1330 He then having received the sop went immediately out and it was
night

1331 Therefore when he was gone out Jesus said Now is the Son of
man glorified and God is glorified in him

1332 If God be glorified in him God shall also glorify him in
himself and shall straightway glorify him

1333 Little children yet a little while I am with you Ye shall seek
me and as I said unto the Jews Whither I go ye cannot come so now
