
942 And it was known throughout all Joppa and many believed in the
Lord

943 And it came to pass that he tarried many days in Joppa with one
Simon a tanner

101 There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius a centurion
of the band called the Italian band 102 A devout man and one that
feared God with all his house which gave much alms to the people and
prayed to God alway

103 He saw in a vision evidently about the ninth hour of the day an
angel of God coming in to him and saying unto him Cornelius

104 And when he looked on him he was afraid and said What is it
Lord  And he said unto him Thy prayers and thine alms are come up
for a memorial before God

105 And now send men to Joppa and call for one Simon whose surname
is Peter 106 He lodgeth with one Simon a tanner whose house is by
the sea side he shall tell thee what thou oughtest to do

107 And when the angel which spake unto Cornelius was departed he
called two of his household servants and a devout soldier of them
that waited on him continually 108 And when he had declared all
these things unto them he sent them to Joppa

109 On the morrow as they went on their journey and drew nigh unto
the city Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth
hour 1010 And he became very hungry and would have eaten but while
they made ready he fell into a trance 1011 And saw heaven opened
and a certain vessel descending upon him as it had been a great sheet
knit at the four corners and let down to the earth 1012 Wherein
were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth and wild beasts
and creeping things and fowls of the air

1013 And there came a voice to him Rise Peter kill and eat

1014 But Peter said Not so Lord for I have never eaten any thing
that is common or unclean

1015 And the voice spake unto him again the second time What God
hath cleansed that call not thou common

1016 This was done thrice and the vessel was received up again into
heaven

1017 Now while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had
seen should mean behold the men which were sent from Cornelius had
made enquiry for Simons house and stood before the gate 1018 And
called and asked whether Simon which was surnamed Peter were lodged
there

1019 While Peter thought on the vision the Spirit said unto him
Behold three men seek thee

1020 Arise therefore and get thee down and go with them doubting
nothing for I have sent them

1021 Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from
Cornelius and said Behold I am he whom ye seek what is the cause
wherefore ye are come  1022 And they said Cornelius the centurion
a just man and one that feareth God and of good report among all the
nation of the Jews was warned from God by an holy angel to send for
thee into his house and to hear words of thee

1023 Then called he them in and lodged them And on the morrow Peter
went away with them and certain brethren from Joppa accompanied him

1024 And the morrow after they entered into Caesarea And Cornelius
waited for them and he had called together his kinsmen and near
friends

1025 And as Peter was coming in Cornelius met him and fell down at
his feet and worshipped him

1026 But Peter took him up saying Stand up I myself also am a man

1027 And as he talked with him he went in and found many that were
come together

1028 And he said unto them Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing
for a man that is a Jew to keep company or come unto one of another
nation but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common
or unclean

1029 Therefore came I unto you without gainsaying as soon as I was
sent for I ask therefore for what intent ye have sent for me  1030
And Cornelius said Four days ago I was fasting until this hour and
at the ninth hour I prayed in my house and behold a man stood
before me in bright clothing 1031 And said Cornelius thy prayer is
heard and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God

1032 Send therefore to Joppa and call hither Simon whose surname is
Peter he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea
side who when he cometh shall speak unto thee

1033 Immediately therefore I sent to thee and thou hast well done
that thou art come Now therefore are we all here present before God
