being Romans and have cast us into prison and now do they thrust us
out privily nay verily but let them come themselves and fetch us
out

1638 And the serjeants told these words unto the magistrates and
they feared when they heard that they were Romans

1639 And they came and besought them and brought them out and
desired them to depart out of the city

1640 And they went out of the prison and entered into the house of
Lydia and when they had seen the brethren they comforted them and
departed

171 Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia they
came to Thessalonica where was a synagogue of the Jews 172 And
Paul as his manner was went in unto them and three sabbath days
reasoned with them out of the scriptures 173 Opening and alleging
that Christ must needs have suffered and risen again from the dead
and that this Jesus whom I preach unto you is Christ

174 And some of them believed and consorted with Paul and Silas and
of the devout Greeks a great multitude and of the chief women not a
few

175 But the Jews which believed not moved with envy took unto them
certain lewd fellows of the baser sort and gathered a company and
set all the city on an uproar and assaulted the house of Jason and
sought to bring them out to the people

176 And when they found them not they drew Jason and certain
brethren unto the rulers of the city crying These that have turned
the world upside down are come hither also 177 Whom Jason hath
received and these all do contrary to the decrees of Caesar saying
that there is another king one Jesus

178 And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city when
they heard these things

179 And when they had taken security of Jason and of the other they
let them go

1710 And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night
unto Berea who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews

1711 These were more noble than those in Thessalonica in that they
received the word with all readiness of mind and searched the
scriptures daily whether those things were so

1712 Therefore many of them believed also of honourable women which
were Greeks and of men not a few

1713 But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the word of
God was preached of Paul at Berea they came thither also and stirred
up the people

1714 And then immediately the brethren sent away Paul to go as it
were to the sea but Silas and Timotheus abode there still

1715 And they that conducted Paul brought him unto Athens and
receiving a commandment unto Silas and Timotheus for to come to him
with all speed they departed

1716 Now while Paul waited for them at Athens his spirit was stirred
in him when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry

1717 Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews and with
the devout persons and in the market daily with them that met with
him

1718 Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans and of the Stoicks
encountered him And some said What will this babbler say other
some He seemeth to be a setter forth of strange gods because he
preached unto them Jesus and the resurrection

1719 And they took him and brought him unto Areopagus saying May
we know what this new doctrine whereof thou speakest is  1720 For
thou bringest certain strange things to our ears we would know
therefore what these things mean

1721 For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent
their time in nothing else but either to tell or to hear some new
thing  1722 Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars hill and said
Ye men of Athens I perceive that in all things ye are too
superstitious

1723 For as I passed by and beheld your devotions I found an altar
with this inscription TO THE UNKNOWN GOD Whom therefore ye
ignorantly worship him declare I unto you

1724 God that made the world and all things therein seeing that he
is Lord of heaven and earth dwelleth not in temples made with hands
1725 Neither is worshipped with mens hands as though he needed any
thing seeing he giveth to all life and breath and all things 1726
And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the
face of the earth and hath determined the times before appointed and
the bounds of their habitation 1727 That they should seek the Lord
if haply they might feel after him and find him though he be not far
from every one of us 1728 For in him we live and move and have our
being as certain also of your own poets have said For we are also
