the church

2018 And when they were come to him he said unto them Ye know from
the first day that I came into Asia after what manner I have been
with you at all seasons 2019 Serving the LORD with all humility of
mind and with many tears and temptations which befell me by the
lying in wait of the Jews 2020 And how I kept back nothing that was
profitable unto you but have shewed you and have taught you
publickly and from house to house 2021 Testifying both to the Jews
and also to the Greeks repentance toward God and faith toward our
Lord Jesus Christ

2022 And now behold I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem not
knowing the things that shall befall me there 2023 Save that the
Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city saying that bonds and afflictions
abide me

2024 But none of these things move me neither count I my life dear
unto myself so that I might finish my course with joy and the
ministry which I have received of the Lord Jesus to testify the
gospel of the grace of God

2025 And now behold I know that ye all among whom I have gone
preaching the kingdom of God shall see my face no more

2026 Wherefore I take you to record this day that I am pure from the
blood of all men

2027 For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of
God

2028 Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over
the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the church
of God which he hath purchased with his own blood

2029 For I know this that after my departing shall grievous wolves
enter in among you not sparing the flock

2030 Also of your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse
things to draw away disciples after them

2031 Therefore watch and remember that by the space of three years
I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears

2032 And now brethren I commend you to God and to the word of his
grace which is able to build you up and to give you an inheritance
among all them which are sanctified

2033 I have coveted no mans silver or gold or apparel

2034 Yea ye yourselves know that these hands have ministered unto
my necessities and to them that were with me

2035 I have shewed you all things how that so labouring ye ought to
support the weak and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus how he
said It is more blessed to give than to receive

2036 And when he had thus spoken he kneeled down and prayed with
them all

2037 And they all wept sore and fell on Pauls neck and kissed him
2038 Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake that they
should see his face no more And they accompanied him unto the ship

211 And it came to pass that after we were gotten from them and had
launched we came with a straight course unto Coos and the day
following unto Rhodes and from thence unto Patara 212 And finding a
ship sailing over unto Phenicia we went aboard and set forth

213 Now when we had discovered Cyprus we left it on the left hand
and sailed into Syria and landed at Tyre for there the ship was to
unlade her burden

214 And finding disciples we tarried there seven days who said to
Paul through the Spirit that he should not go up to Jerusalem

215 And when we had accomplished those days we departed and went our
way and they all brought us on our way with wives and children till
we were out of the city and we kneeled down on the shore and prayed

216 And when we had taken our leave one of another we took ship and
they returned home again

217 And when we had finished our course from Tyre we came to
Ptolemais and saluted the brethren and abode with them one day

218 And the next day we that were of Pauls company departed and
came unto Caesarea and we entered into the house of Philip the
evangelist which was one of the seven and abode with him

219 And the same man had four daughters virgins which did prophesy

2110 And as we tarried there many days there came down from Judaea a
certain prophet named Agabus

2111 And when he was come unto us he took Pauls girdle and bound
his own hands and feet and said Thus saith the Holy Ghost So shall
the Jews at Jerusalem bind the man that owneth this girdle and shall
deliver him into the hands of the Gentiles

