sake king Agrippa I am accused of the Jews

268 Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you that God
should raise the dead  269 I verily thought with myself that I
ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth

2610 Which thing I also did in Jerusalem and many of the saints did
I shut up in prison having received authority from the chief priests
and when they were put to death I gave my voice against them

2611 And I punished them oft in every synagogue and compelled them
to blaspheme and being exceedingly mad against them I persecuted
them even unto strange cities

2612 Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission
from the chief priests 2613 At midday O king I saw in the way a
light from heaven above the brightness of the sun shining round
about me and them which journeyed with me

2614 And when we were all fallen to the earth I heard a voice
speaking unto me and saying in the Hebrew tongue Saul Saul why
persecutest thou me it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks

2615 And I said Who art thou Lord And he said I am Jesus whom
thou persecutest

2616 But rise and stand upon thy feet for I have appeared unto thee
for this purpose to make thee a minister and a witness both of these
things which thou hast seen and of those things in the which I will
appear unto thee 2617 Delivering thee from the people and from the
Gentiles unto whom now I send thee 2618 To open their eyes and to
turn them from darkness to light and from the power of Satan unto
God that they may receive forgiveness of sins and inheritance among
them which are sanctified by faith that is in me

2619 Whereupon O king Agrippa I was not disobedient unto the
heavenly vision 2620 But shewed first unto them of Damascus and at
Jerusalem and throughout all the coasts of Judaea and then to the
Gentiles that they should repent and turn to God and do works meet
for repentance

2621 For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple and went
about to kill me

2622 Having therefore obtained help of God I continue unto this day
witnessing both to small and great saying none other things than
those which the prophets and Moses did say should come 2623 That
Christ should suffer and that he should be the first that should rise
from the dead and should shew light unto the people and to the
Gentiles

2624 And as he thus spake for himself Festus said with a loud voice
Paul thou art beside thyself much learning doth make thee mad

2625 But he said I am not mad most noble Festus but speak forth
the words of truth and soberness

2626 For the king knoweth of these things before whom also I speak
freely for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from
him for this thing was not done in a corner

2627 King Agrippa believest thou the prophets I know that thou
believest

2628 Then Agrippa said unto Paul Almost thou persuadest me to be a
Christian

2629 And Paul said I would to God that not only thou but also all
that hear me this day were both almost and altogether such as I am
except these bonds

2630 And when he had thus spoken the king rose up and the governor
and Bernice and they that sat with them 2631 And when they were
gone aside they talked between themselves saying This man doeth
nothing worthy of death or of bonds

2632 Then said Agrippa unto Festus This man might have been set at
liberty if he had not appealed unto Caesar

271 And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy they
delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius a
centurion of Augustus band

272 And entering into a ship of Adramyttium we launched meaning to
sail by the coasts of Asia one Aristarchus a Macedonian of
Thessalonica being with us

273 And the next day we touched at Sidon And Julius courteously
entreated Paul and gave him liberty to go unto his friends to refresh
himself

274 And when we had launched from thence we sailed under Cyprus
because the winds were contrary

275 And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia we
came to Myra a city of Lycia

276 And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into
Italy and he put us therein

