Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation

214 But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the
truth of the gospel I said unto Peter before them all If thou being
a Jew livest after the manner of Gentiles and not as do the Jews
why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews  215 We who
are Jews by nature and not sinners of the Gentiles 216 Knowing that
a man is not justified by the works of the law but by the faith of
Jesus Christ even we have believed in Jesus Christ that we might be
justified by the faith of Christ and not by the works of the law for
by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified

217 But if while we seek to be justified by Christ we ourselves
also are found sinners is therefore Christ the minister of sin God
forbid

218 For if I build again the things which I destroyed I make myself
a transgressor

219 For I through the law am dead to the law that I might live unto
God

220 I am crucified with Christ neverthless I live yet not I but
Christ liveth in me and the life which I now live in the flesh I live
by the faith of the Son of God who loved me and gave himself for me

221 I do not frustrate the grace of God for if righteousness come by
the law then Christ is dead in vain

31 O foolish Galatians who hath bewitched you that ye should not
obey the truth before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set
forth crucified among you  32 This only would I learn of you
Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law or by the hearing of
faith  33 Are ye so foolish having begun in the Spirit are ye now
made perfect by the flesh  34 Have ye suffered so many things in
vain if it be yet in vain

35 He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit and worketh
miracles among you doeth he it by the works of the law or by the
hearing of faith  36 Even as Abraham believed God and it was
accounted to him for righteousness

37 Know ye therefore that they which are of faith the same are the
children of Abraham

38 And the scripture foreseeing that God would justify the heathen
through faith preached before the gospel unto Abraham saying In
thee shall all nations be blessed

39 So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham

310 For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse
for it is written Cursed is every one that continueth not in all
things which are written in the book of the law to do them

311 But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God it
is evident for The just shall live by faith

312 And the law is not of faith but The man that doeth them shall
live in them

313 Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law being made a
curse for us for it is written Cursed is every one that hangeth on a
tree 314 That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles
through Jesus Christ that we might receive the promise of the Spirit
through faith

315 Brethren I speak after the manner of men Though it be but a
mans covenant yet if it be confirmed no man disannulleth or addeth
thereto

316 Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made He saith not
And to seeds as of many but as of one And to thy seed which is
Christ

317 And this I say that the covenant that was confirmed before of
God in Christ the law which was four hundred and thirty years after
cannot disannul that it should make the promise of none effect

318 For if the inheritance be of the law it is no more of promise
but God gave it to Abraham by promise

319 Wherefore then serveth the law It was added because of
transgressions till the seed should come to whom the promise was
made and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator

320 Now a mediator is not a mediator of one but God is one

321 Is the law then against the promises of God God forbid for if
there had been a law given which could have given life verily
righteousness should have been by the law

322 But the scripture hath concluded all under sin that the promise
by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe

323 But before faith came we were kept under the law shut up unto
the faith which should afterwards be revealed

324 Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ
that we might be justified by faith
