ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming  220 For
ye are our glory and joy

31 Wherefore when we could no longer forbear we thought it good to
be left at Athens alone 32 And sent Timotheus our brother and
minister of God and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ to
establish you and to comfort you concerning your faith 33 That no
man should be moved by these afflictions for yourselves know that we
are appointed thereunto

34 For verily when we were with you we told you before that we
should suffer tribulation even as it came to pass and ye know

35 For this cause when I could no longer forbear I sent to know
your faith lest by some means the tempter have tempted you and our
labour be in vain

36 But now when Timotheus came from you unto us and brought us good
tidings of your faith and charity and that ye have good remembrance
of us always desiring greatly to see us as we also to see you 37
Therefore brethren we were comforted over you in all our affliction
and distress by your faith 38 For now we live if ye stand fast in
the Lord

39 For what thanks can we render to God again for you for all the
joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God 310 Night and day
praying exceedingly that we might see your face and might perfect
that which is lacking in your faith  311 Now God himself and our
Father and our Lord Jesus Christ direct our way unto you

312 And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward
another and toward all men even as we do toward you 313 To the end
he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God even
our Father at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his
saints

41 Furthermore then we beseech you brethren and exhort you by the
Lord Jesus that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to
please God so ye would abound more and more

42 For ye know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus

43 For this is the will of God even your sanctification that ye
should abstain from fornication 44 That every one of you should know
how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour 45 Not in the
lust of concupiscence even as the Gentiles which know not God 46
That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter because
that the Lord is the avenger of all such as we also have forewarned
you and testified

47 For God hath not called us unto uncleanness but unto holiness

48 He therefore that despiseth despiseth not man but God who hath
also given unto us his holy Spirit

49 But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you
for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another

410 And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all
Macedonia but we beseech you brethren that ye increase more and
more 411 And that ye study to be quiet and to do your own business
and to work with your own hands as we commanded you 412 That ye may
walk honestly toward them that are without and that ye may have lack
of nothing

413 But I would not have you to be ignorant brethren concerning
them which are asleep that ye sorrow not even as others which have
no hope

414 For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again even so them
also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him

415 For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord that we which
are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent
them which are asleep

416 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout with
the voice of the archangel and with the trump of God and the dead in
Christ shall rise first 417 Then we which are alive and remain shall
be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the
air and so shall we ever be with the Lord

418 Wherefore comfort one another with these words

51 But of the times and the seasons brethren ye have no need that I
write unto you

52 For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh
as a thief in the night

53 For when they shall say Peace and safety then sudden destruction
cometh upon them as travail upon a woman with child and they shall
not escape

54 But ye brethren are not in darkness that that day should
overtake you as a thief

55 Ye are all the children of light and the children of the day we
are not of the night nor of darkness

