
311 Even so must their wives be grave not slanderers sober
faithful in all things

312 Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife ruling their
children and their own houses well

313 For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to
themselves a good degree and great boldness in the faith which is in
Christ Jesus

314 These things write I unto thee hoping to come unto thee shortly
315 But if I tarry long that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to
behave thyself in the house of God which is the church of the living
God the pillar and ground of the truth

316 And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness God
was manifest in the flesh justified in the Spirit seen of angels
preached unto the Gentiles believed on in the world received up into
glory

41 Now the Spirit speaketh expressly that in the latter times some
shall depart from the faith giving heed to seducing spirits and
doctrines of devils 42 Speaking lies in hypocrisy having their
conscience seared with a hot iron 43 Forbidding to marry and
commanding to abstain from meats which God hath created to be
received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth

44 For every creature of God is good and nothing to be refused if
it be received with thanksgiving 45 For it is sanctified by the word
of God and prayer

46 If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things thou
shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ nourished up in the words of
faith and of good doctrine whereunto thou hast attained

47 But refuse profane and old wives fables and exercise thyself
rather unto godliness

48 For bodily exercise profiteth little but godliness is profitable
unto all things having promise of the life that now is and of that
which is to come

49 This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation

410 For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach because we
trust in the living God who is the Saviour of all men specially of
those that believe

411 These things command and teach

412 Let no man despise thy youth but be thou an example of the
believers in word in conversation in charity in spirit in faith
in purity

413 Till I come give attendance to reading to exhortation to
doctrine

414 Neglect not the gift that is in thee which was given thee by
prophecy with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery

415 Meditate upon these things give thyself wholly to them that thy
profiting may appear to all

416 Take heed unto thyself and unto the doctrine continue in them
for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself and them that hear
thee

51 Rebuke not an elder but intreat him as a father and the younger
men as brethren 52 The elder women as mothers the younger as
sisters with all purity

53 Honour widows that are widows indeed

54 But if any widow have children or nephews let them learn first to
shew piety at home and to requite their parents for that is good and
acceptable before God

55 Now she that is a widow indeed and desolate trusteth in God and
continueth in supplications and prayers night and day

56 But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth

57 And these things give in charge that they may be blameless

58 But if any provide not for his own and specially for those of his
own house he hath denied the faith and is worse than an infidel

59 Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years
old having been the wife of one man

510 Well reported of for good works if she have brought up children
if she have lodged strangers if she have washed the saints feet if
she have relieved the afflicted if she have diligently followed every
good work

511 But the younger widows refuse for when they have begun to wax
wanton against Christ they will marry 512 Having damnation because
they have cast off their first faith

