217 Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his
brethren that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in
things pertaining to God to make reconciliation for the sins of the
people

218 For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted he is able to
succour them that are tempted

31 Wherefore holy brethren partakers of the heavenly calling
consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession Christ Jesus
32 Who was faithful to him that appointed him as also Moses was
faithful in all his house

33 For this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses inasmuch
as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house

34 For every house is builded by some man but he that built all
things is God

35 And Moses verily was faithful in all his house as a servant for
a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after 36 But
Christ as a son over his own house whose house are we if we hold
fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end

37 Wherefore as the Holy Ghost saith To day if ye will hear his
voice 38 Harden not your hearts as in the provocation in the day
of temptation in the wilderness 39 When your fathers tempted me
proved me and saw my works forty years

310 Wherefore I was grieved with that generation and said They do
alway err in their heart and they have not known my ways

311 So I sware in my wrath They shall not enter into my rest  312
Take heed brethren lest there be in any of you an evil heart of
unbelief in departing from the living God

313 But exhort one another daily while it is called To day lest any
of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin

314 For we are made partakers of Christ if we hold the beginning of
our confidence stedfast unto the end 315 While it is said To day if
ye will hear his voice harden not your hearts as in the provocation

316 For some when they had heard did provoke howbeit not all that
came out of Egypt by Moses

317 But with whom was he grieved forty years was it not with them
that had sinned whose carcases fell in the wilderness  318 And to
whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest but to them
that believed not  319 So we see that they could not enter in
because of unbelief

41 Let us therefore fear lest a promise being left us of entering
into his rest any of you should seem to come short of it

42 For unto us was the gospel preached as well as unto them but the
word preached did not profit them not being mixed with faith in them
that heard it

43 For we which have believed do enter into rest as he said As I
have sworn in my wrath if they shall enter into my rest although the
works were finished from the foundation of the world

44 For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise
And God did rest the seventh day from all his works

45 And in this place again If they shall enter into my rest

46 Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein and
they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief
47 Again he limiteth a certain day saying in David To day after
so long a time as it is said To day if ye will hear his voice
harden not your hearts

48 For if Jesus had given them rest then would he not afterward have
spoken of another day

49 There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God

410 For he that is entered into his rest he also hath ceased from
his own works as God did from his

411 Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest lest any man
fall after the same example of unbelief

412 For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any
twoedged sword piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and
spirit and of the joints and marrow and is a discerner of the
thoughts and intents of the heart

413 Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight
but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we
have to do

414 Seeing then that we have a great high priest that is passed into
the heavens Jesus the Son of God let us hold fast our profession

415 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the
feeling of our infirmities but was in all points tempted like as we
are yet without sin
