
1039 But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition but of them
that believe to the saving of the soul

111 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence of
things not seen

112 For by it the elders obtained a good report

113 Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the
word of God so that things which are seen were not made of things
which do appear

114 By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than
Cain by which he obtained witness that he was righteous God
testifying of his gifts and by it he being dead yet speaketh

115 By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death and
was not found because God had translated him for before his
translation he had this testimony that he pleased God

116 But without faith it is impossible to please him for he that
cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of
them that diligently seek him

117 By faith Noah being warned of God of things not seen as yet
moved with fear prepared an ark to the saving of his house by the
which he condemned the world and became heir of the righteousness
which is by faith

118 By faith Abraham when he was called to go out into a place which
he should after receive for an inheritance obeyed and he went out
not knowing whither he went

119 By faith he sojourned in the land of promise as in a strange
country dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob the heirs with
him of the same promise 1110 For he looked for a city which hath
foundations whose builder and maker is God

1111 Through faith also Sara herself received strength to conceive
seed and was delivered of a child when she was past age because she
judged him faithful who had promised

1112 Therefore sprang there even of one and him as good as dead so
many as the stars of the sky in multitude and as the sand which is by
the sea shore innumerable

1113 These all died in faith not having received the promises but
having seen them afar off and were persuaded of them and embraced
them and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the
earth

1114 For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a
country

1115 And truly if they had been mindful of that country from whence
they came out they might have had opportunity to have returned

1116 But now they desire a better country that is an heavenly
wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God for he hath
prepared for them a city

1117 By faith Abraham when he was tried offered up Isaac and he
that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son 1118
Of whom it was said That in Isaac shall thy seed be called 1119
Accounting that God was able to raise him up even from the dead from
whence also he received him in a figure

1120 By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come

1121 By faith Jacob when he was a dying blessed both the sons of
Joseph and worshipped leaning upon the top of his staff

1122 By faith Joseph when he died made mention of the departing of
the children of Israel and gave commandment concerning his bones

1123 By faith Moses when he was born was hid three months of his
parents because they saw he was a proper child and they were not
afraid of the kings commandment

1124 By faith Moses when he was come to years refused to be called
the son of Pharaohs daughter 1125 Choosing rather to suffer
affliction with the people of God than to enjoy the pleasures of sin
for a season 1126 Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches
than the treasures in Egypt for he had respect unto the recompence of
the reward

1127 By faith he forsook Egypt not fearing the wrath of the king
for he endured as seeing him who is invisible

1128 Through faith he kept the passover and the sprinkling of blood
lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them

1129 By faith they passed through the Red sea as by dry land which
the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned

1130 By faith the walls of Jericho fell down after they were
compassed about seven days

1131 By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed
