111 And there was given me a reed like unto a rod and the angel
stood saying Rise and measure the temple of God and the altar and
them that worship therein

112 But the court which is without the temple leave out and measure
it not for it is given unto the Gentiles and the holy city shall
they tread under foot forty and two months

113 And I will give power unto my two witnesses and they shall
prophesy a thousand two hundred and threescore days clothed in
sackcloth

114 These are the two olive trees and the two candlesticks standing
before the God of the earth

115 And if any man will hurt them fire proceedeth out of their
mouth and devoureth their enemies and if any man will hurt them he
must in this manner be killed

116 These have power to shut heaven that it rain not in the days of
their prophecy and have power over waters to turn them to blood and
to smite the earth with all plagues as often as they will

117 And when they shall have finished their testimony the beast that
ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them and
shall overcome them and kill them

118 And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city
which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt where also our Lord was
crucified

119 And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall
see their dead bodies three days and an half and shall not suffer
their dead bodies to be put in graves

1110 And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them and
make merry and shall send gifts one to another because these two
prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth

1111 And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God
entered into them and they stood upon their feet and great fear fell
upon them which saw them

1112 And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them Come
up hither And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud and their
enemies beheld them

1113 And the same hour was there a great earthquake and the tenth
part of the city fell and in the earthquake were slain of men seven
thousand and the remnant were affrighted and gave glory to the God
of heaven

1114 The second woe is past and behold the third woe cometh
quickly

1115 And the seventh angel sounded and there were great voices in
heaven saying The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of
our Lord and of his Christ and he shall reign for ever and ever

1116 And the four and twenty elders which sat before God on their
seats fell upon their faces and worshipped God 1117 Saying We
give thee thanks O LORD God Almighty which art and wast and art to
come because thou hast taken to thee thy great power and hast
reigned

1118 And the nations were angry and thy wrath is come and the time
of the dead that they should be judged and that thou shouldest give
reward unto thy servants the prophets and to the saints and them
that fear thy name small and great and shouldest destroy them which
destroy the earth

1119 And the temple of God was opened in heaven and there was seen
in his temple the ark of his testament and there were lightnings and
voices and thunderings and an earthquake and great hail

121 And there appeared a great wonder in heaven a woman clothed with
the sun and the moon under her feet and upon her head a crown of
twelve stars 122 And she being with child cried travailing in
birth and pained to be delivered

123 And there appeared another wonder in heaven and behold a great
red dragon having seven heads and ten horns and seven crowns upon
his heads

124 And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven and did
cast them to the earth and the dragon stood before the woman which
was ready to be delivered for to devour her child as soon as it was
born

125 And she brought forth a man child who was to rule all nations
with a rod of iron and her child was caught up unto God and to his
throne

126 And the woman fled into the wilderness where she hath a place
prepared of God that they should feed her there a thousand two
hundred and threescore days

127 And there was war in heaven Michael and his angels fought
against the dragon and the dragon fought and his angels 128 And
prevailed not neither was their place found any more in heaven
