seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled

161 And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven
angels Go your ways and pour out the vials of the wrath of God upon
the earth

162 And the first went and poured out his vial upon the earth and
there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark
of the beast and upon them which worshipped his image

163 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea and it
became as the blood of a dead man and every living soul died in the
sea

164 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and
fountains of waters and they became blood

165 And I heard the angel of the waters say Thou art righteous O
Lord which art and wast and shalt be because thou hast judged
thus

166 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets and thou
hast given them blood to drink for they are worthy

167 And I heard another out of the altar say Even so Lord God
Almighty true and righteous are thy judgments

168 And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun and power
was given unto him to scorch men with fire

169 And men were scorched with great heat and blasphemed the name of
God which hath power over these plagues and they repented not to
give him glory

1610 And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the
beast and his kingdom was full of darkness and they gnawed their
tongues for pain 1611 And blasphemed the God of heaven because of
their pains and their sores and repented not of their deeds

1612 And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river
Euphrates and the water thereof was dried up that the way of the
kings of the east might be prepared

1613 And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth
of the dragon and out of the mouth of the beast and out of the mouth
of the false prophet

1614 For they are the spirits of devils working miracles which go
forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world to gather
them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty

1615 Behold I come as a thief Blessed is he that watcheth and
keepeth his garments lest he walk naked and they see his shame

1616 And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew
tongue Armageddon

1617 And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air and
there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven from the throne
saying It is done

1618 And there were voices and thunders and lightnings and there
was a great earthquake such as was not since men were upon the earth
so mighty an earthquake and so great

1619 And the great city was divided into three parts and the cities
of the nations fell and great Babylon came in remembrance before God
to give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath

1620 And every island fled away and the mountains were not found

1621 And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven every stone
about the weight of a talent and men blasphemed God because of the
plague of the hail for the plague thereof was exceeding great

171 And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials
and talked with me saying unto me Come hither I will shew unto thee
the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters 172
With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication and the
inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her
fornication

173 So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness and I
saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast full of names of
blasphemy having seven heads and ten horns

174 And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour and
decked with gold and precious stones and pearls having a golden cup
in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication
175 And upon her forehead was a name written MYSTERY BABYLON THE
GREAT THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH

176 And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and
with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus and when I saw her I wondered
with great admiration

177 And the angel said unto me Wherefore didst thou marvel I will
tell thee the mystery of the woman and of the beast that carrieth
her which hath the seven heads and ten horns

