made Judah to sin in doing that which was evil in the sight of the
LORD

2117 Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh and all that he did and
his sin that he sinned are they not written in the book of the
chronicles of the kings of Judah  2118 And Manasseh slept with his
fathers and was buried in the garden of his own house in the garden
of Uzza and Amon his son reigned in his stead

2119 Amon was twenty and two years old when he began to reign and he
reigned two years in Jerusalem And his mothers name was
Meshullemeth the daughter of Haruz of Jotbah

2120 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD as his
father Manasseh did

2121 And he walked in all the way that his father walked in and
served the idols that his father served and worshipped them 2122
And he forsook the LORD God of his fathers and walked not in the way
of the LORD

2123 And the servants of Amon conspired against him and slew the
king in his own house

2124 And the people of the land slew all them that had conspired
against king Amon and the people of the land made Josiah his son king
in his stead

2125 Now the rest of the acts of Amon which he did are they not
written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah  2126
And he was buried in his sepulchre in the garden of Uzza and Josiah
his son reigned in his stead

221 Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign and he reigned
thirty and one years in Jerusalem And his mothers name was Jedidah
the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath

222 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD and
walked in all the way of David his father and turned not aside to the
right hand or to the left

223 And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah that
the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah the son of Meshullam the
scribe to the house of the LORD saying 224 Go up to Hilkiah the
high priest that he may sum the silver which is brought into the
house of the LORD which the keepers of the door have gathered of the
people 225 And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the
work that have the oversight of the house of the LORD and let them
give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD to
repair the breaches of the house 226 Unto carpenters and builders
and masons and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house

227 Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that
was delivered into their hand because they dealt faithfully

228 And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe I have
found the book of the law in the house of the LORD And Hilkiah gave
the book to Shaphan and he read it

229 And Shaphan the scribe came to the king and brought the king
word again and said Thy servants have gathered the money that was
found in the house and have delivered it into the hand of them that
do the work that have the oversight of the house of the LORD

2210 And Shaphan the scribe shewed the king saying Hilkiah the
priest hath delivered me a book And Shaphan read it before the king

2211 And it came to pass when the king had heard the words of the
book of the law that he rent his clothes

2212 And the king commanded Hilkiah the priest and Ahikam the son of
Shaphan and Achbor the son of Michaiah and Shaphan the scribe and
Asahiah a servant of the kings saying 2213 Go ye enquire of the
LORD for me and for the people and for all Judah concerning the
words of this book that is found for great is the wrath of the LORD
that is kindled against us because our fathers have not hearkened
unto the words of this book to do according unto all that which is
written concerning us

2214 So Hilkiah the priest and Ahikam and Achbor and Shaphan and
Asahiah went unto Huldah the prophetess the wife of Shallum the son
of Tikvah the son of Harhas keeper of the wardrobe now she dwelt
in Jerusalem in the college and they communed with her

2215 And she said unto them Thus saith the LORD God of Israel Tell
the man that sent you to me 2216 Thus saith the LORD Behold I will
bring evil upon this place and upon the inhabitants thereof even all
the words of the book which the king of Judah hath read 2217 Because
they have forsaken me and have burned incense unto other gods that
they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands
therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place and shall not
be quenched

2218 But to the king of Judah which sent you to enquire of the LORD
thus shall ye say to him Thus saith the LORD God of Israel As
touching the words which thou hast heard 2219 Because thine heart
was tender and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD when thou
heardest what I spake against this place and against the inhabitants
thereof that they should become a desolation and a curse and hast
rent thy clothes and wept before me I also have heard thee saith
