acts that he had done in Bethel

2320 And he slew all the priests of the high places that were there
upon the altars and burned mens bones upon them and returned to
Jerusalem

2321 And the king commanded all the people saying Keep the passover
unto the LORD your God as it is written in the book of this covenant

2322 Surely there was not holden such a passover from the days of the
judges that judged Israel nor in all the days of the kings of Israel
nor of the kings of Judah 2323 But in the eighteenth year of king
Josiah wherein this passover was holden to the LORD in Jerusalem

2324 Moreover the workers with familiar spirits and the wizards and
the images and the idols and all the abominations that were spied in
the land of Judah and in Jerusalem did Josiah put away that he might
perform the words of the law which were written in the book that
Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD

2325 And like unto him was there no king before him that turned to
the LORD with all his heart and with all his soul and with all his
might according to all the law of Moses neither after him arose
there any like him

2326 Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his
great wrath wherewith his anger was kindled against Judah because of
all the provocations that Manasseh had provoked him withal

2327 And the LORD said I will remove Judah also out of my sight as
I have removed Israel and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I
have chosen and the house of which I said My name shall be there

2328 Now the rest of the acts of Josiah and all that he did are
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
2329 In his days Pharaohnechoh king of Egypt went up against the king
of Assyria to the river Euphrates and king Josiah went against him
and he slew him at Megiddo when he had seen him

2330 And his servants carried him in a chariot dead from Megiddo and
brought him to Jerusalem and buried him in his own sepulchre And the
people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah and anointed him
and made him king in his fathers stead

2331 Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign
and he reigned three months in Jerusalem And his mothers name was
Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah

2332 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD
according to all that his fathers had done

2333 And Pharaohnechoh put him in bands at Riblah in the land of
Hamath that he might not reign in Jerusalem and put the land to a
tribute of an hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold

2334 And Pharaohnechoh made Eliakim the son of Josiah king in the
room of Josiah his father and turned his name to Jehoiakim and took
Jehoahaz away and he came to Egypt and died there

2335 And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh but he
taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of
Pharaoh he exacted the silver and the gold of the people of the land
of every one according to his taxation to give it unto Pharaohnechoh

2336 Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign
and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem And his mothers name was
Zebudah the daughter of Pedaiah of Rumah

2337 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD
according to all that his fathers had done

241 In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up and Jehoiakim
became his servant three years then he turned and rebelled against
him

242 And the LORD sent against him bands of the Chaldees and bands of
the Syrians and bands of the Moabites and bands of the children of
Ammon and sent them against Judah to destroy it according to the
word of the LORD which he spake by his servants the prophets

243 Surely at the commandment of the LORD came this upon Judah to
remove them out of his sight for the sins of Manasseh according to
all that he did 244 And also for the innocent blood that he shed
for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood which the LORD would not
pardon

245 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim and all that he did are
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
246 So Jehoiakim slept with his fathers and Jehoiachin his son
reigned in his stead

247 And the king of Egypt came not again any more out of his land
for the king of Babylon had taken from the river of Egypt unto the
river Euphrates all that pertained to the king of Egypt

248 Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign and he
reigned in Jerusalem three months And his mothers name was Nehushta
the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem

249 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD
