
1716 And David the king came and sat before the LORD and said Who
am I O LORD God and what is mine house that thou hast brought me
hitherto  1717 And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes O God
for thou hast also spoken of thy servants house for a great while to
come and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high
degree O LORD God

1718 What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant
for thou knowest thy servant

1719 O LORD for thy servants sake and according to thine own
heart hast thou done all this greatness in making known all these
great things

1720 O LORD there is none like thee neither is there any God beside
thee according to all that we have heard with our ears

1721 And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel whom
God went to redeem to be his own people to make thee a name of
greatness and terribleness by driving out nations from before thy
people whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt  1722 For thy people
Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever and thou LORD
becamest their God

1723 Therefore now LORD let the thing that thou hast spoken
concerning thy servant and concerning his house be established for
ever and do as thou hast said

1724 Let it even be established that thy name may be magnified for
ever saying The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel even a God to
Israel and let the house of David thy servant be established before
thee

1725 For thou O my God hast told thy servant that thou wilt build
him an house therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray
before thee

1726 And now LORD thou art God and hast promised this goodness
unto thy servant 1727 Now therefore let it please thee to bless the
house of thy servant that it may be before thee for ever for thou
blessest O LORD and it shall be blessed for ever

181 Now after this it came to pass that David smote the Philistines
and subdued them and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the
Philistines

182 And he smote Moab and the Moabites became Davids servants and
brought gifts

183 And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath as he went
to stablish his dominion by the river Euphrates

184 And David took from him a thousand chariots and seven thousand
horsemen and twenty thousand footmen David also houghed all the
chariot horses but reserved of them an hundred chariots

185 And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of
Zobah David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men

186 Then David put garrisons in Syriadamascus and the Syrians became
Davids servants and brought gifts Thus the LORD preserved David
whithersoever he went

187 And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of
Hadarezer and brought them to Jerusalem

188 Likewise from Tibhath and from Chun cities of Hadarezer
brought David very much brass wherewith Solomon made the brasen sea
and the pillars and the vessels of brass

189 Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the
host of Hadarezer king of Zobah 1810 He sent Hadoram his son to king
David to enquire of his welfare and to congratulate him because he
had fought against Hadarezer and smitten him for Hadarezer had war
with Tou and with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and
brass

1811 Them also king David dedicated unto the LORD with the silver
and the gold that he brought from all these nations from Edom and
from Moab and from the children of Ammon and from the Philistines
and from Amalek

1812 Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in the
valley of salt eighteen thousand

1813 And he put garrisons in Edom and all the Edomites became
Davids servants Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went

1814 So David reigned over all Israel and executed judgment and
justice among all his people

1815 And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host and Jehoshaphat
the son of Ahilud recorder

1816 And Zadok the son of Ahitub and Abimelech the son of Abiathar
were the priests and Shavsha was scribe 1817 And Benaiah the son of
Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites and the sons of
David were chief about the king

