38 And he made the most holy house the length whereof was according
to the breadth of the house twenty cubits and the breadth thereof
twenty cubits and he overlaid it with fine gold amounting to six
hundred talents

39 And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold And he
overlaid the upper chambers with gold

310 And in the most holy house he made two cherubims of image work
and overlaid them with gold

311 And the wings of the cherubims were twenty cubits long one wing
of the one cherub was five cubits reaching to the wall of the house
and the other wing was likewise five cubits reaching to the wing of
the other cherub

312 And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits reaching to the
wall of the house and the other wing was five cubits also joining to
the wing of the other cherub

313 The wings of these cherubims spread themselves forth twenty
cubits and they stood on their feet and their faces were inward

314 And he made the vail of blue and purple and crimson and fine
linen and wrought cherubims thereon

315 Also he made before the house two pillars of thirty and five
cubits high and the chapiter that was on the top of each of them was
five cubits

316 And he made chains as in the oracle and put them on the heads
of the pillars and made an hundred pomegranates and put them on the
chains

317 And he reared up the pillars before the temple one on the right
hand and the other on the left and called the name of that on the
right hand Jachin and the name of that on the left Boaz

41 Moreover he made an altar of brass twenty cubits the length
thereof and twenty cubits the breadth thereof and ten cubits the
height thereof

42 Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim round
in compass and five cubits the height thereof and a line of thirty
cubits did compass it round about

43 And under it was the similitude of oxen which did compass it
round about ten in a cubit compassing the sea round about Two rows
of oxen were cast when it was cast

44 It stood upon twelve oxen three looking toward the north and
three looking toward the west and three looking toward the south and
three looking toward the east and the sea was set above upon them
and all their hinder parts were inward

45 And the thickness of it was an handbreadth and the brim of it
like the work of the brim of a cup with flowers of lilies and it
received and held three thousand baths

46 He made also ten lavers and put five on the right hand and five
on the left to wash in them such things as they offered for the
burnt offering they washed in them but the sea was for the priests to
wash in

47 And he made ten candlesticks of gold according to their form and
set them in the temple five on the right hand and five on the left

48 He made also ten tables and placed them in the temple five on
the right side and five on the left And he made an hundred basons of
gold

49 Furthermore he made the court of the priests and the great court
and doors for the court and overlaid the doors of them with brass

410 And he set the sea on the right side of the east end over
against the south

411 And Huram made the pots and the shovels and the basons And
Huram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon for the
house of God 412 To wit the two pillars and the pommels and the
chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars and the two
wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the
top of the pillars 413 And four hundred pomegranates on the two
wreaths two rows of pomegranates on each wreath to cover the two
pommels of the chapiters which were upon the pillars

414 He made also bases and lavers made he upon the bases 415 One
sea and twelve oxen under it

416 The pots also and the shovels and the fleshhooks and all their
instruments did Huram his father make to king Solomon for the house
of the LORD of bright brass

417 In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them in the clay ground
between Succoth and Zeredathah

418 Thus Solomon made all these vessels in great abundance for the
weight of the brass could not be found out

419 And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of God
