throne will I be greater than thou

4141 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph See I have set thee over all the
land of Egypt

4142 And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand and put it upon
Josephs hand and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen and put a
gold chain about his neck 4143 And he made him to ride in the second
chariot which he had and they cried before him Bow the knee and he
made him ruler over all the land of Egypt

4144 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph I am Pharaoh and without thee
shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt

4145 And Pharaoh called Josephs name Zaphnathpaaneah and he gave
him to wife Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On And
Joseph went out over all the land of Egypt

4146 And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh
king of Egypt And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh and
went throughout all the land of Egypt

4147 And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by
handfuls

4148 And he gathered up all the food of the seven years which were
in the land of Egypt and laid up the food in the cities the food of
the field which was round about every city laid he up in the same

4149 And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea very much
until he left numbering for it was without number

4150 And unto Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine
came which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto
him

4151 And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh For God
said he hath made me forget all my toil and all my fathers house

4152 And the name of the second called he Ephraim For God hath
caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction

4153 And the seven years of plenteousness that was in the land of
Egypt were ended

4154 And the seven years of dearth began to come according as Joseph
had said and the dearth was in all lands but in all the land of
Egypt there was bread

4155 And when all the land of Egypt was famished the people cried to
Pharaoh for bread and Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians Go unto
Joseph what he saith to you do

4156 And the famine was over all the face of the earth and Joseph
opened all the storehouses and sold unto the Egyptians and the
famine waxed sore in the land of Egypt

4157 And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn
because that the famine was so sore in all lands

421 Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt Jacob said unto
his sons Why do ye look one upon another  422 And he said Behold
I have heard that there is corn in Egypt get you down thither and
buy for us from thence that we may live and not die

423 And Josephs ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt

424 But Benjamin Josephs brother Jacob sent not with his brethren
for he said Lest peradventure mischief befall him

425 And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came
for the famine was in the land of Canaan

426 And Joseph was the governor over the land and he it was that
sold to all the people of the land and Josephs brethren came and
bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth

427 And Joseph saw his brethren and he knew them but made himself
strange unto them and spake roughly unto them and he said unto them
Whence come ye And they said From the land of Canaan to buy food

428 And Joseph knew his brethren but they knew not him

429 And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them and
said unto them Ye are spies to see the nakedness of the land ye are
come

4210 And they said unto him Nay my lord but to buy food are thy
servants come

4211 We are all one mans sons we are true men thy servants are no
spies

4212 And he said unto them Nay but to see the nakedness of the land
ye are come

4213 And they said Thy servants are twelve brethren the sons of one
man in the land of Canaan and behold the youngest is this day with
our father and one is not

