And he said Hearken ye all Judah and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem
and thou king Jehoshaphat Thus saith the LORD unto you Be not afraid
nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude for the battle is not
yours but Gods

2016 To morrow go ye down against them behold they come up by the
cliff of Ziz and ye shall find them at the end of the brook before
the wilderness of Jeruel

2017 Ye shall not need to fight in this battle set yourselves stand
ye still and see the salvation of the LORD with you O Judah and
Jerusalem fear not nor be dismayed to morrow go out against them
for the LORD will be with you

2018 And Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his face to the ground and
all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem fell before the LORD
worshipping the LORD

2019 And the Levites of the children of the Kohathites and of the
children of the Korhites stood up to praise the LORD God of Israel
with a loud voice on high

2020 And they rose early in the morning and went forth into the
wilderness of Tekoa and as they went forth Jehoshaphat stood and
said Hear me O Judah and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem Believe in
the LORD your God so shall ye be established believe his prophets
so shall ye prosper

2021 And when he had consulted with the people he appointed singers
unto the LORD and that should praise the beauty of holiness as they
went out before the army and to say Praise the LORD for his mercy
endureth for ever

2022 And when they began to sing and to praise the LORD set
ambushments against the children of Ammon Moab and mount Seir which
were come against Judah and they were smitten

2023 For the children of Ammon and Moab stood up against the
inhabitants of mount Seir utterly to slay and destroy them and when
they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir every one helped to
destroy another

2024 And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the wilderness
they looked unto the multitude and behold they were dead bodies
fallen to the earth and none escaped

2025 And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away the spoil
of them they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead
bodies and precious jewels which they stripped off for themselves
more than they could carry away and they were three days in gathering
of the spoil it was so much

2026 And on the fourth day they assembled themselves in the valley of
Berachah for there they blessed the LORD therefore the name of the
same place was called The valley of Berachah unto this day

2027 Then they returned every man of Judah and Jerusalem and
Jehoshaphat in the forefront of them to go again to Jerusalem with
joy for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemies

2028 And they came to Jerusalem with psalteries and harps and
trumpets unto the house of the LORD

2029 And the fear of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries
when they had heard that the LORD fought against the enemies of
Israel

2030 So the realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet for his God gave him rest
round about

2031 And Jehoshaphat reigned over Judah he was thirty and five years
old when he began to reign and he reigned twenty and five years in
Jerusalem

And his mothers name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi

2032 And he walked in the way of Asa his father and departed not
from it doing that which was right in the sight of the LORD

2033 Howbeit the high places were not taken away for as yet the
people had not prepared their hearts unto the God of their fathers

2034 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat first and last behold
they are written in the book of Jehu the son of Hanani who is
mentioned in the book of the kings of Israel

2035 And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah join himself with
Ahaziah king of Israel who did very wickedly 2036 And he joined
himself with him to make ships to go to Tarshish and they made the
ships in Eziongaber

2037 Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against
Jehoshaphat saying Because thou hast joined thyself with Ahaziah
the LORD hath broken thy works And the ships were broken that they
were not able to go to Tarshish

211 Now Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers and was buried with his
fathers in the city of David And Jehoram his son reigned in his
stead

