own house and Amon his son reigned in his stead

3321 Amon was two and twenty years old when he began to reign and
reigned two years in Jerusalem

3322 But he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD as did
Manasseh his father for Amon sacrificed unto all the carved images
which Manasseh his father had made and served them 3323 And humbled
not himself before the LORD as Manasseh his father had humbled
himself but Amon trespassed more and more

3324 And his servants conspired against him and slew him in his own
house

3325 But the people of the land slew all them that had conspired
against king Amon and the people of the land made Josiah his son king
in his stead

341 Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign and he reigned
in Jerusalem one and thirty years

342 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD and
walked in the ways of David his father and declined neither to the
right hand nor to the left

343 For in the eighth year of his reign while he was yet young he
began to seek after the God of David his father and in the twelfth
year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places and
the groves and the carved images and the molten images

344 And they brake down the altars of Baalim in his presence and the
images that were on high above them he cut down and the groves and
the carved images and the molten images he brake in pieces and made
dust of them and strowed it upon the graves of them that had
sacrificed unto them

345 And he burnt the bones of the priests upon their altars and
cleansed Judah and Jerusalem

346 And so did he in the cities of Manasseh and Ephraim and Simeon
even unto Naphtali with their mattocks round about

347 And when he had broken down the altars and the groves and had
beaten the graven images into powder and cut down all the idols
throughout all the land of Israel he returned to Jerusalem

348 Now in the eighteenth year of his reign when he had purged the
land and the house he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah and Maaseiah
the governor of the city and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder to
repair the house of the LORD his God

349 And when they came to Hilkiah the high priest they delivered the
money that was brought into the house of God which the Levites that
kept the doors had gathered of the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim and
of all the remnant of Israel and of all Judah and Benjamin and they
returned to Jerusalem

3410 And they put it in the hand of the workmen that had the
oversight of the house of the LORD and they gave it to the workmen
that wrought in the house of the LORD to repair and amend the house
3411 Even to the artificers and builders gave they it to buy hewn
stone and timber for couplings and to floor the houses which the
kings of Judah had destroyed

3412 And the men did the work faithfully and the overseers of them
were Jahath and Obadiah the Levites of the sons of Merari and
Zechariah and Meshullam of the sons of the Kohathites to set it
forward and other of the Levites all that could skill of instruments
of musick

3413 Also they were over the bearers of burdens and were overseers
of all that wrought the work in any manner of service and of the
Levites there were scribes and officers and porters

3414 And when they brought out the money that was brought into the
house of the LORD Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of the
LORD given by Moses

3415 And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe I have
found the book of the law in the house of the LORD And Hilkiah
delivered the book to Shaphan

3416 And Shaphan carried the book to the king and brought the king
word back again saying All that was committed to thy servants they
do it

3417 And they have gathered together the money that was found in the
house of the LORD and have delivered it into the hand of the
overseers and to the hand of the workmen

3418 Then Shaphan the scribe told the king saying Hilkiah the
priest hath given me a book And Shaphan read it before the king

3419 And it came to pass when the king had heard the words of the
law that he rent his clothes

3420 And the king commanded Hilkiah and Ahikam the son of Shaphan
and Abdon the son of Micah and Shaphan the scribe and Asaiah a
servant of the kings saying 3421 Go enquire of the LORD for me
and for them that are left in Israel and in Judah concerning the
