captivity made booths and sat under the booths for since the days of
Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel
done so And there was very great gladness

818 Also day by day from the first day unto the last day he read in
the book of the law of God And they kept the feast seven days and on
the eighth day was a solemn assembly according unto the manner

91 Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of
Israel were assembled with fasting and with sackclothes and earth
upon them

92 And the seed of Israel separated themselves from all strangers
and stood and confessed their sins and the iniquities of their
fathers

93 And they stood up in their place and read in the book of the law
of the LORD their God one fourth part of the day and another fourth
part they confessed and worshipped the LORD their God

94 Then stood up upon the stairs of the Levites Jeshua and Bani
Kadmiel Shebaniah Bunni Sherebiah Bani and Chenani and cried
with a loud voice unto the LORD their God

95 Then the Levites Jeshua and Kadmiel Bani Hashabniah
Sherebiah Hodijah Shebaniah and Pethahiah said Stand up and bless
the LORD your God for ever and ever and blessed be thy glorious name
which is exalted above all blessing and praise

96 Thou even thou art LORD alone thou hast made heaven the heaven
of heavens with all their host the earth and all things that are
therein the seas and all that is therein and thou preservest them
all and the host of heaven worshippeth thee

97 Thou art the LORD the God who didst choose Abram and broughtest
him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees and gavest him the name of
Abraham 98 And foundest his heart faithful before thee and madest a
covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites the Hittites
the Amorites and the Perizzites and the Jebusites and the
Girgashites to give it I say to his seed and hast performed thy
words for thou art righteous 99 And didst see the affliction of our
fathers in Egypt and heardest their cry by the Red sea 910 And
shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh and on all his servants and
on all the people of his land for thou knewest that they dealt
proudly against them So didst thou get thee a name as it is this
day

911 And thou didst divide the sea before them so that they went
through the midst of the sea on the dry land and their persecutors
thou threwest into the deeps as a stone into the mighty waters

912 Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar and in
the night by a pillar of fire to give them light in the way wherein
they should go

913 Thou camest down also upon mount Sinai and spakest with them
from heaven and gavest them right judgments and true laws good
statutes and commandments 914 And madest known unto them thy holy
sabbath and commandedst them precepts statutes and laws by the
hand of Moses thy servant 915 And gavest them bread from heaven for
their hunger and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for
their thirst and promisedst them that they should go in to possess
the land which thou hadst sworn to give them

916 But they and our fathers dealt proudly and hardened their necks
and hearkened not to thy commandments 917 And refused to obey
neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou didst among them but
hardened their necks and in their rebellion appointed a captain to
return to their bondage but thou art a God ready to pardon gracious
and merciful slow to anger and of great kindness and forsookest
them not

918 Yea when they had made them a molten calf and said This is thy
God that brought thee up out of Egypt and had wrought great
provocations 919 Yet thou in thy manifold mercies forsookest them
not in the wilderness the pillar of the cloud departed not from them
by day to lead them in the way neither the pillar of fire by night
to shew them light and the way wherein they should go

920 Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them and
withheldest not thy manna from their mouth and gavest them water for
their thirst

921 Yea forty years didst thou sustain them in the wilderness so
that they lacked nothing their clothes waxed not old and their feet
swelled not

922 Moreover thou gavest them kingdoms and nations and didst divide
them into corners so they possessed the land of Sihon and the land
of the king of Heshbon and the land of Og king of Bashan

923 Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven and
broughtest them into the land concerning which thou hadst promised to
their fathers that they should go in to possess it

924 So the children went in and possessed the land and thou
subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land the Canaanites and
gavest them into their hands with their kings and the people of the
land that they might do with them as they would

