Zethar and Carcas the seven chamberlains that served in the presence
of Ahasuerus the king 111 To bring Vashti the queen before the king
with the crown royal to shew the people and the princes her beauty
for she was fair to look on

112 But the queen Vashti refused to come at the kings commandment by
his chamberlains therefore was the king very wroth and his anger
burned in him

113 Then the king said to the wise men which knew the times for so
was the kings manner toward all that knew law and judgment 114 And
the next unto him was Carshena Shethar Admatha Tarshish Meres
Marsena and Memucan the seven princes of Persia and Media which saw
the kings face and which sat the first in the kingdom 115 What
shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law because she hath
not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the
chamberlains  116 And Memucan answered before the king and the
princes Vashti the queen hath not done wrong to the king only but
also to all the princes and to all the people that are in all the
provinces of the king Ahasuerus

117 For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women so
that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes when it shall be
reported The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought
in before him but she came not

118 Likewise shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto
all the kings princes which have heard of the deed of the queen
Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath

119 If it please the king let there go a royal commandment from him
and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes
that it be not altered That Vashti come no more before king
Ahasuerus and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is
better than she

120 And when the kings decree which he shall make shall be published
throughout all his empire for it is great all the wives shall give
to their husbands honour both to great and small

121 And the saying pleased the king and the princes and the king did
according to the word of Memucan 122 For he sent letters into all
the kings provinces into every province according to the writing
thereof and to every people after their language that every man
should bear rule in his own house and that it should be published
according to the language of every people

21 After these things when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased
he remembered Vashti and what she had done and what was decreed
against her

22 Then said the kings servants that ministered unto him Let there
be fair young virgins sought for the king 23 And let the king
appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom that they may
gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace to
the house of the women unto the custody of Hege the kings
chamberlain keeper of the women and let their things for
purification be given them 24 And let the maiden which pleaseth the
king be queen instead of Vashti

And the thing pleased the king and he did so

25 Now in Shushan the palace there was a certain Jew whose name was
Mordecai the son of Jair the son of Shimei the son of Kish a
Benjamite 26 Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the
captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah
whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away

27 And he brought up Hadassah that is Esther his uncles daughter
for she had neither father nor mother and the maid was fair and
beautiful whom Mordecai when her father and mother were dead took
for his own daughter

28 So it came to pass when the kings commandment and his decree was
heard and when many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the
palace to the custody of Hegai that Esther was brought also unto the
kings house to the custody of Hegai keeper of the women

29 And the maiden pleased him and she obtained kindness of him and
he speedily gave her her things for purification with such things as
belonged to her and seven maidens which were meet to be given her
out of the kings house and he preferred her and her maids unto the
best place of the house of the women

210 Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred for Mordecai
had charged her that she should not shew it

211 And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the womens
house to know how Esther did and what should become of her

212 Now when every maids turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus
after that she had been twelve months according to the manner of the
women for so were the days of their purifications accomplished to
wit six months with oil of myrrh and six months with sweet odours
and with other things for the purifying of the women 213 Then thus
came every maiden unto the king whatsoever she desired was given her
to go with her out of the house of the women unto the kings house

214 In the evening she went and on the morrow she returned into the
second house of the women to the custody of Shaashgaz the kings
