moved for him he was full of indignation against Mordecai

510 Nevertheless Haman refrained himself and when he came home he
sent and called for his friends and Zeresh his wife

511 And Haman told them of the glory of his riches and the multitude
of his children and all the things wherein the king had promoted him
and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of the
king

512 Haman said moreover Yea Esther the queen did let no man come in
with the king unto the banquet that she had prepared but myself and
to morrow am I invited unto her also with the king

513 Yet all this availeth me nothing so long as I see Mordecai the
Jew sitting at the kings gate

514 Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him Let a
gallows be made of fifty cubits high and to morrow speak thou unto
the king that Mordecai may be hanged thereon then go thou in merrily
with the king unto the banquet And the thing pleased Haman and he
caused the gallows to be made

61 On that night could not the king sleep and he commanded to bring
the book of records of the chronicles and they were read before the
king

62 And it was found written that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and
Teresh two of the kings chamberlains the keepers of the door who
sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus

63 And the king said What honour and dignity hath been done to
Mordecai for this Then said the kings servants that ministered unto
him There is nothing done for him

64 And the king said Who is in the court Now Haman was come into
the outward court of the kings house to speak unto the king to hang
Mordecai on the gallows that he had prepared for him

65 And the kings servants said unto him Behold Haman standeth in
the court And the king said Let him come in

66 So Haman came in And the king said unto him What shall be done
unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour Now Haman thought in
his heart To whom would the king delight to do honour more than to
myself  67 And Haman answered the king For the man whom the king
delighteth to honour 68 Let the royal apparel be brought which the
king useth to wear and the horse that the king rideth upon and the
crown royal which is set upon his head 69 And let this apparel and
horse be delivered to the hand of one of the kings most noble
princes that they may array the man withal whom the king delighteth
to honour and bring him on horseback through the street of the city
and proclaim before him Thus shall it be done to the man whom the
king delighteth to honour

610 Then the king said to Haman Make haste and take the apparel and
the horse as thou hast said and do even so to Mordecai the Jew that
sitteth at the kings gate let nothing fail of all that thou hast
spoken

611 Then took Haman the apparel and the horse and arrayed Mordecai
and brought him on horseback through the street of the city and
proclaimed before him Thus shall it be done unto the man whom the
king delighteth to honour

612 And Mordecai came again to the kings gate But Haman hasted to
his house mourning and having his head covered

613 And Haman told Zeresh his wife and all his friends every thing
that had befallen him Then said his wise men and Zeresh his wife unto
him If Mordecai be of the seed of the Jews before whom thou hast
begun to fall thou shalt not prevail against him but shalt surely
fall before him

614 And while they were yet talking with him came the kings
chamberlains and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther
had prepared

71 So the king and Haman came to banquet with Esther the queen

72 And the king said again unto Esther on the second day at the
banquet of wine What is thy petition queen Esther and it shall be
granted thee and what is thy request and it shall be performed even
to the half of the kingdom

73 Then Esther the queen answered and said If I have found favour in
thy sight O king and if it please the king let my life be given me
at my petition and my people at my request 74 For we are sold I
and my people to be destroyed to be slain and to perish But if we
had been sold for bondmen and bondwomen I had held my tongue
although the enemy could not countervail the kings damage

75 Then the king Ahasuerus answered and said unto Esther the queen
Who is he and where is he that durst presume in his heart to do so
76 And Esther said The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman
Then Haman was afraid before the king and the queen

77 And the king arising from the banquet of wine in his wrath went
into the palace garden and Haman stood up to make request for his
life to Esther the queen for he saw that there was evil determined
