
25 But put forth thine hand now and touch his bone and his flesh
and he will curse thee to thy face

26 And the LORD said unto Satan Behold he is in thine hand but
save his life

27 So went Satan forth from the presence of the LORD and smote Job
with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown

28 And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal and he sat
down among the ashes

29 Then said his wife unto him Dost thou still retain thine
integrity  curse God and die

210 But he said unto her Thou speakest as one of the foolish women
speaketh What shall we receive good at the hand of God and shall we
not receive evil In all this did not Job sin with his lips

211 Now when Jobs three friends heard of all this evil that was come
upon him they came every one from his own place Eliphaz the
Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Naamathite for they
had made an appointment together to come to mourn with him and to
comfort him

212 And when they lifted up their eyes afar off and knew him not
they lifted up their voice and wept and they rent every one his
mantle and sprinkled dust upon their heads toward heaven

213 So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven
nights and none spake a word unto him for they saw that his grief
was very great

31 After this opened Job his mouth and cursed his day

32 And Job spake and said 33 Let the day perish wherein I was
born and the night in which it was said There is a man child
conceived

34 Let that day be darkness let not God regard it from above
neither let the light shine upon it

35 Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it let a cloud dwell
upon it let the blackness of the day terrify it

36 As for that night let darkness seize upon it let it not be
joined unto the days of the year let it not come into the number of
the months

37 Lo let that night be solitary let no joyful voice come therein

38 Let them curse it that curse the day who are ready to raise up
their mourning

39 Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark let it look for
light but have none neither let it see the dawning of the day 310
Because it shut not up the doors of my mothers womb nor hid sorrow
from mine eyes

311 Why died I not from the womb why did I not give up the ghost
when I came out of the belly  312 Why did the knees prevent me or
why the breasts that I should suck  313 For now should I have lain
still and been quiet I should have slept then had I been at rest
314 With kings and counsellors of the earth which build desolate
places for themselves 315 Or with princes that had gold who filled
their houses with silver 316 Or as an hidden untimely birth I had
not been as infants which never saw light

317 There the wicked cease from troubling and there the weary be at
rest

318 There the prisoners rest together they hear not the voice of the
oppressor

319 The small and great are there and the servant is free from his
master

320 Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery and life unto
the bitter in soul 321 Which long for death but it cometh not and
dig for it more than for hid treasures 322 Which rejoice
exceedingly and are glad when they can find the grave  323 Why is
light given to a man whose way is hid and whom God hath hedged in
324 For my sighing cometh before I eat and my roarings are poured
out like the waters

325 For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me and that
which I was afraid of is come unto me

326 I was not in safety neither had I rest neither was I quiet yet
trouble came

41 Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said 42 If we assay to
commune with thee wilt thou be grieved but who can withhold himself
from speaking  43 Behold thou hast instructed many and thou hast
strengthened the weak hands

44 Thy words have upholden him that was falling and thou hast
strengthened the feeble knees

