918 He will not suffer me to take my breath but filleth me with
bitterness

919 If I speak of strength lo he is strong and if of judgment who
shall set me a time to plead  920 If I justify myself mine own
mouth shall condemn me if I say I am perfect it shall also prove me
perverse

921 Though I were perfect yet would I not know my soul I would
despise my life

922 This is one thing therefore I said it He destroyeth the perfect
and the wicked

923 If the scourge slay suddenly he will laugh at the trial of the
innocent

924 The earth is given into the hand of the wicked he covereth the
faces of the judges thereof if not where and who is he  925 Now
my days are swifter than a post they flee away they see no good

926 They are passed away as the swift ships as the eagle that
hasteth to the prey

927 If I say I will forget my complaint I will leave off my
heaviness and comfort myself 928 I am afraid of all my sorrows I
know that thou wilt not hold me innocent

929 If I be wicked why then labour I in vain  930 If I wash myself
with snow water and make my hands never so clean 931 Yet shalt thou
plunge me in the ditch and mine own clothes shall abhor me

932 For he is not a man as I am that I should answer him and we
should come together in judgment

933 Neither is there any daysman betwixt us that might lay his hand
upon us both

934 Let him take his rod away from me and let not his fear terrify
me 935 Then would I speak and not fear him but it is not so with
me

101 My soul is weary of my life I will leave my complaint upon
myself I will speak in the bitterness of my soul

102 I will say unto God Do not condemn me shew me wherefore thou
contendest with me

103 Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress that thou
shouldest despise the work of thine hands and shine upon the counsel
of the wicked  104 Hast thou eyes of flesh or seest thou as man
seeth  105 Are thy days as the days of man are thy years as mans
days 106 That thou enquirest after mine iniquity and searchest
after my sin  107 Thou knowest that I am not wicked and there is
none that can deliver out of thine hand

108 Thine hands have made me and fashioned me together round about
yet thou dost destroy me

109 Remember I beseech thee that thou hast made me as the clay and
wilt thou bring me into dust again  1010 Hast thou not poured me out
as milk and curdled me like cheese  1011 Thou hast clothed me with
skin and flesh and hast fenced me with bones and sinews

1012 Thou hast granted me life and favour and thy visitation hath
preserved my spirit

1013 And these things hast thou hid in thine heart I know that this
is with thee

1014 If I sin then thou markest me and thou wilt not acquit me from
mine iniquity

1015 If I be wicked woe unto me and if I be righteous yet will I
not lift up my head I am full of confusion therefore see thou mine
affliction 1016 For it increaseth Thou huntest me as a fierce lion
and again thou shewest thyself marvellous upon me

1017 Thou renewest thy witnesses against me and increasest thine
indignation upon me changes and war are against me

1018 Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb Oh
that I had given up the ghost and no eye had seen me  1019 I should
have been as though I had not been I should have been carried from
the womb to the grave

1020 Are not my days few cease then and let me alone that I may
take comfort a little 1021 Before I go whence I shall not return
even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death 1022 A land of
darkness as darkness itself and of the shadow of death without any
order and where the light is as darkness

111 Then answered Zophar the Naamathite and said 112 Should not
the multitude of words be answered and should a man full of talk be
justified  113 Should thy lies make men hold their peace and when
thou mockest shall no man make thee ashamed  114 For thou hast
said My doctrine is pure and I am clean in thine eyes

115 But oh that God would speak and open his lips against thee 116
And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom that they are
