after a thief 306 To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys in caves
of the earth and in the rocks

307 Among the bushes they brayed under the nettles they were
gathered together

308 They were children of fools yea children of base men they were
viler than the earth

309 And now am I their song yea I am their byword

3010 They abhor me they flee far from me and spare not to spit in
my face

3011 Because he hath loosed my cord and afflicted me they have also
let loose the bridle before me

3012 Upon my right hand rise the youth they push away my feet and
they raise up against me the ways of their destruction

3013 They mar my path they set forward my calamity they have no
helper

3014 They came upon me as a wide breaking in of waters in the
desolation they rolled themselves upon me

3015 Terrors are turned upon me they pursue my soul as the wind and
my welfare passeth away as a cloud

3016 And now my soul is poured out upon me the days of affliction
have taken hold upon me

3017 My bones are pierced in me in the night season and my sinews
take no rest

3018 By the great force of my disease is my garment changed it
bindeth me about as the collar of my coat

3019 He hath cast me into the mire and I am become like dust and
ashes

3020 I cry unto thee and thou dost not hear me I stand up and thou
regardest me not

3021 Thou art become cruel to me with thy strong hand thou opposest
thyself against me

3022 Thou liftest me up to the wind thou causest me to ride upon it
and dissolvest my substance

3023 For I know that thou wilt bring me to death and to the house
appointed for all living

3024 Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the grave though
they cry in his destruction

3025 Did not I weep for him that was in trouble was not my soul
grieved for the poor  3026 When I looked for good then evil came
unto me and when I waited for light there came darkness

3027 My bowels boiled and rested not the days of affliction
prevented me

3028 I went mourning without the sun I stood up and I cried in the
congregation

3029 I am a brother to dragons and a companion to owls

3030 My skin is black upon me and my bones are burned with heat

3031 My harp also is turned to mourning and my organ into the voice
of them that weep

311 I made a covenant with mine eyes why then should I think upon a
maid  312 For what portion of God is there from above and what
inheritance of the Almighty from on high  313 Is not destruction to
the wicked and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity  314
Doth not he see my ways and count all my steps  315 If I have
walked with vanity or if my foot hath hasted to deceit 316 Let me
be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity

317 If my step hath turned out of the way and mine heart walked
after mine eyes and if any blot hath cleaved to mine hands 318 Then
let me sow and let another eat yea let my offspring be rooted out

319 If mine heart have been deceived by a woman or if I have laid
wait at my neighbours door 3110 Then let my wife grind unto
another and let others bow down upon her

3111 For this is an heinous crime yea it is an iniquity to be
punished by the judges

3112 For it is a fire that consumeth to destruction and would root
out all mine increase

3113 If I did despise the cause of my manservant or of my
maidservant when they contended with me 3114 What then shall I do
when God riseth up and when he visiteth what shall I answer him
3115 Did not he that made me in the womb make him and did not one
fashion us in the womb  3116 If I have withheld the poor from their
