where is the place thereof 3820 That thou shouldest take it to the
bound thereof and that thou shouldest know the paths to the house
thereof  3821 Knowest thou it because thou wast then born or
because the number of thy days is great  3822 Hast thou entered into
the treasures of the snow or hast thou seen the treasures of the
hail 3823 Which I have reserved against the time of trouble against
the day of battle and war  3824 By what way is the light parted
which scattereth the east wind upon the earth  3825 Who hath divided
a watercourse for the overflowing of waters or a way for the
lightning of thunder 3826 To cause it to rain on the earth where no
man is on the wilderness wherein there is no man 3827 To satisfy
the desolate and waste ground and to cause the bud of the tender herb
to spring forth  3828 Hath the rain a father or who hath begotten
the drops of dew  3829 Out of whose womb came the ice and the hoary
frost of heaven who hath gendered it  3830 The waters are hid as
with a stone and the face of the deep is frozen

3831 Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades or loose the
bands of Orion  3832 Canst thou bring forth Mazzaroth in his season
or canst thou guide Arcturus with his sons  3833 Knowest thou the
ordinances of heaven canst thou set the dominion thereof in the
earth  3834 Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds that
abundance of waters may cover thee  3835 Canst thou send lightnings
that they may go and say unto thee Here we are  3836 Who hath put
wisdom in the inward parts or who hath given understanding to the
heart  3837 Who can number the clouds in wisdom or who can stay the
bottles of heaven 3838 When the dust groweth into hardness and the
clods cleave fast together  3839 Wilt thou hunt the prey for the
lion or fill the appetite of the young lions 3840 When they couch
in their dens and abide in the covert to lie in wait  3841 Who
provideth for the raven his food when his young ones cry unto God
they wander for lack of meat

391 Knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the rock bring
forth or canst thou mark when the hinds do calve  392 Canst thou
number the months that they fulfil or knowest thou the time when they
bring forth  393 They bow themselves they bring forth their young
ones they cast out their sorrows

394 Their young ones are in good liking they grow up with corn they
go forth and return not unto them

395 Who hath sent out the wild ass free or who hath loosed the bands
of the wild ass  396 Whose house I have made the wilderness and the
barren land his dwellings

397 He scorneth the multitude of the city neither regardeth he the
crying of the driver

398 The range of the mountains is his pasture and he searcheth after
every green thing

399 Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee or abide by thy crib
3910 Canst thou bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow or will
he harrow the valleys after thee  3911 Wilt thou trust him because
his strength is great or wilt thou leave thy labour to him  3912
Wilt thou believe him that he will bring home thy seed and gather it
into thy barn  3913 Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks
or wings and feathers unto the ostrich  3914 Which leaveth her eggs
in the earth and warmeth them in dust 3915 And forgetteth that the
foot may crush them or that the wild beast may break them

3916 She is hardened against her young ones as though they were not
hers her labour is in vain without fear 3917 Because God hath
deprived her of wisdom neither hath he imparted to her understanding

3918 What time she lifteth up herself on high she scorneth the horse
and his rider

3919 Hast thou given the horse strength hast thou clothed his neck
with thunder  3920 Canst thou make him afraid as a grasshopper the
glory of his nostrils is terrible

3921 He paweth in the valley and rejoiceth in his strength he goeth
on to meet the armed men

3922 He mocketh at fear and is not affrighted neither turneth he
back from the sword

3923 The quiver rattleth against him the glittering spear and the
shield

3924 He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage neither
believeth he that it is the sound of the trumpet

3925 He saith among the trumpets Ha ha and he smelleth the battle
afar off the thunder of the captains and the shouting

3926 Doth the hawk fly by thy wisdom and stretch her wings toward
the south  3927 Doth the eagle mount up at thy command and make her
nest on high  3928 She dwelleth and abideth on the rock upon the
crag of the rock and the strong place

3929 From thence she seeketh the prey and her eyes behold afar off

3930 Her young ones also suck up blood and where the slain are
there is she

401 Moreover the LORD answered Job and said 402 Shall he that
contendeth with the Almighty instruct him he that reproveth God let
