4123 The flakes of his flesh are joined together they are firm in
themselves they cannot be moved

4124 His heart is as firm as a stone yea as hard as a piece of the
nether millstone

4125 When he raiseth up himself the mighty are afraid by reason of
breakings they purify themselves

4126 The sword of him that layeth at him cannot hold the spear the
dart nor the habergeon

4127 He esteemeth iron as straw and brass as rotten wood

4128 The arrow cannot make him flee slingstones are turned with him
into stubble

4129 Darts are counted as stubble he laugheth at the shaking of a
spear

4130 Sharp stones are under him he spreadeth sharp pointed things
upon the mire

4131 He maketh the deep to boil like a pot he maketh the sea like a
pot of ointment

4132 He maketh a path to shine after him one would think the deep to
be hoary

4133 Upon earth there is not his like who is made without fear

4134 He beholdeth all high things he is a king over all the children
of pride

421 Then Job answered the LORD and said 422 I know that thou canst
do every thing and that no thought can be withholden from thee

423 Who is he that hideth counsel without knowledge therefore have I
uttered that I understood not things too wonderful for me which I
knew not

424 Hear I beseech thee and I will speak I will demand of thee
and declare thou unto me

425 I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear but now mine eye
seeth thee

426 Wherefore I abhor myself and repent in dust and ashes

427 And it was so that after the LORD had spoken these words unto
Job the LORD said to Eliphaz the Temanite My wrath is kindled
against thee and against thy two friends for ye have not spoken of
me the thing that is right as my servant Job hath

428 Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams and go
to my servant Job and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering and
my servant Job shall pray for you for him will I accept lest I deal
with you after your folly in that ye have not spoken of me the thing
which is right like my servant Job

429 So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the
Naamathite went and did according as the LORD commanded them the
LORD also accepted Job

4210 And the LORD turned the captivity of Job when he prayed for his
friends also the LORD gave Job twice as much as he had before

4211 Then came there unto him all his brethren and all his sisters
and all they that had been of his acquaintance before and did eat
bread with him in his house and they bemoaned him and comforted him
over all the evil that the LORD had brought upon him every man also
gave him a piece of money and every one an earring of gold

4212 So the LORD blessed the latter end of Job more than his
beginning for he had fourteen thousand sheep and six thousand
camels and a thousand yoke of oxen and a thousand she asses

4213 He had also seven sons and three daughters

4214 And he called the name of the first Jemima and the name of the
second Kezia and the name of the third Kerenhappuch

4215 And in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters
of Job and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren

4216 After this lived Job an hundred and forty years and saw his
sons and his sons sons even four generations

4217 So Job died being old and full of days




The Book of Psalms


11 Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly
nor standeth in the way of sinners nor sitteth in the seat of the
scornful

