their sakes therefore return thou on high

78 The LORD shall judge the people judge me O LORD according to my
righteousness and according to mine integrity that is in me

79 Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end but establish
the just for the righteous God trieth the hearts and reins

710 My defence is of God which saveth the upright in heart

711 God judgeth the righteous and God is angry with the wicked every
day

712 If he turn not he will whet his sword he hath bent his bow and
made it ready

713 He hath also prepared for him the instruments of death he
ordaineth his arrows against the persecutors

714 Behold he travaileth with iniquity and hath conceived mischief
and brought forth falsehood

715 He made a pit and digged it and is fallen into the ditch which
he made

716 His mischief shall return upon his own head and his violent
dealing shall come down upon his own pate

717 I will praise the LORD according to his righteousness and will
sing praise to the name of the LORD most high



81 O LORD our Lord how excellent is thy name in all the earth who
hast set thy glory above the heavens

82 Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained
strength because of thine enemies that thou mightest still the enemy
and the avenger

83 When I consider thy heavens the work of thy fingers the moon and
the stars which thou hast ordained

84 What is man that thou art mindful of him and the son of man
that thou visitest him

85 For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels and hast
crowned him with glory and honour

86 Thou madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands thou
hast put all things under his feet

87 All sheep and oxen yea and the beasts of the field

88 The fowl of the air and the fish of the sea and whatsoever
passeth through the paths of the seas

89 O LORD our Lord how excellent is thy name in all the earth


91 I will praise thee O LORD with my whole heart I will shew forth
all thy marvellous works

92 I will be glad and rejoice in thee I will sing praise to thy
name O thou most High

93 When mine enemies are turned back they shall fall and perish at
thy presence

94 For thou hast maintained my right and my cause thou satest in the
throne judging right

95 Thou hast rebuked the heathen thou hast destroyed the wicked
thou hast put out their name for ever and ever

96 O thou enemy destructions are come to a perpetual end and thou
hast destroyed cities their memorial is perished with them

97 But the LORD shall endure for ever he hath prepared his throne
for judgment

98 And he shall judge the world in righteousness he shall minister
judgment to the people in uprightness

99 The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed a refuge in
times of trouble

910 And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee for
thou LORD hast not forsaken them that seek thee

911 Sing praises to the LORD which dwelleth in Zion declare among
the people his doings

912 When he maketh inquisition for blood he remembereth them he
forgetteth not the cry of the humble

913 Have mercy upon me O LORD consider my trouble which I suffer of
them that hate me thou that liftest me up from the gates of death

914 That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter
