their drink offerings of blood will I not offer nor take up their
names into my lips

165 The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup thou
maintainest my lot

166 The lines are fallen unto me in pleasant places yea I have a
goodly heritage

167 I will bless the LORD who hath given me counsel my reins also
instruct me in the night seasons

168 I have set the LORD always before me because he is at my right
hand I shall not be moved

169 Therefore my heart is glad and my glory rejoiceth my flesh also
shall rest in hope

1610 For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell neither wilt thou
suffer thine Holy One to see corruption

1611 Thou wilt shew me the path of life in thy presence is fulness
of joy at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore



171 Hear the right O LORD attend unto my cry give ear unto my
prayer that goeth not out of feigned lips

172 Let my sentence come forth from thy presence let thine eyes
behold the things that are equal

173 Thou hast proved mine heart thou hast visited me in the night
thou hast tried me and shalt find nothing I am purposed that my
mouth shall not transgress

174 Concerning the works of men by the word of thy lips I have kept
me from the paths of the destroyer

175 Hold up my goings in thy paths that my footsteps slip not

176 I have called upon thee for thou wilt hear me O God incline
thine ear unto me and hear my speech

177 Shew thy marvellous lovingkindness O thou that savest by thy
right hand them which put their trust in thee from those that rise up
against them

178 Keep me as the apple of the eye hide me under the shadow of thy
wings

179 From the wicked that oppress me from my deadly enemies who
compass me about

1710 They are inclosed in their own fat with their mouth they speak
proudly

1711 They have now compassed us in our steps they have set their
eyes bowing down to the earth

1712 Like as a lion that is greedy of his prey and as it were a
young lion lurking in secret places

1713 Arise O LORD disappoint him cast him down deliver my soul
from the wicked which is thy sword

1714 From men which are thy hand O LORD from men of the world
which have their portion in this life and whose belly thou fillest
with thy hid treasure they are full of children and leave the rest
of their substance to their babes

1715 As for me I will behold thy face in righteousness I shall be
satisfied when I awake with thy likeness



181 I will love thee O LORD my strength

182 The LORD is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer my God
my strength in whom I will trust my buckler and the horn of my
salvation and my high tower

183 I will call upon the LORD who is worthy to be praised so shall
I be saved from mine enemies

184 The sorrows of death compassed me and the floods of ungodly men
made me afraid

185 The sorrows of hell compassed me about the snares of death
prevented me

186 In my distress I called upon the LORD and cried unto my God he
heard my voice out of his temple and my cry came before him even
into his ears

187 Then the earth shook and trembled the foundations also of the
hills moved and were shaken because he was wroth

188 There went up a smoke out of his nostrils and fire out of his
mouth devoured coals were kindled by it
