horns of the unicorns

2222 I will declare thy name unto my brethren in the midst of the
congregation will I praise thee

2223 Ye that fear the LORD praise him all ye the seed of Jacob
glorify him and fear him all ye the seed of Israel

2224 For he hath not despised nor abhorred the affliction of the
afflicted neither hath he hid his face from him but when he cried
unto him he heard

2225 My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation I will pay
my vows before them that fear him

2226 The meek shall eat and be satisfied they shall praise the LORD
that seek him your heart shall live for ever

2227 All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD
and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee

2228 For the kingdom is the LORDs and he is the governor among the
nations

2229 All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship all they
that go down to the dust shall bow before him and none can keep alive
his own soul

2230 A seed shall serve him it shall be accounted to the Lord for a
generation

2231 They shall come and shall declare his righteousness unto a
people that shall be born that he hath done this



231 The LORD is my shepherd I shall not want

232 He maketh me to lie down in green pastures he leadeth me beside
the still waters

233 He restoreth my soul he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness
for his names sake

234 Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I
will fear no evil for thou art with me thy rod and thy staff they
comfort me

235 Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies
thou anointest my head with oil my cup runneth over

236 Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my
life and I will dwell in the house of the LORD for ever



241 The earth is the LORDs and the fulness thereof the world and
they that dwell therein

242 For he hath founded it upon the seas and established it upon the
floods

243 Who shall ascend into the hill of the LORD or who shall stand in
his holy place

244 He that hath clean hands and a pure heart who hath not lifted
up his soul unto vanity nor sworn deceitfully

245 He shall receive the blessing from the LORD and righteousness
from the God of his salvation

246 This is the generation of them that seek him that seek thy face
O Jacob Selah

247 Lift up your heads O ye gates and be ye lift up ye everlasting
doors and the King of glory shall come in

248 Who is this King of glory The LORD strong and mighty the LORD
mighty in battle

249 Lift up your heads O ye gates even lift them up ye everlasting
doors and the King of glory shall come in

2410 Who is this King of glory The LORD of hosts he is the King of
glory Selah



251 Unto thee O LORD do I lift up my soul

252 O my God I trust in thee let me not be ashamed let not mine
enemies triumph over me

253 Yea let none that wait on thee be ashamed let them be ashamed
which transgress without cause

254 Shew me thy ways O LORD teach me thy paths

255 Lead me in thy truth and teach me for thou art the God of my
salvation on thee do I wait all the day
