
275 For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion in
the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me he shall set me up upon
a rock

276 And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round
about me therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy
I will sing yea I will sing praises unto the LORD

277 Hear O LORD when I cry with my voice have mercy also upon me
and answer me

278 When thou saidst Seek ye my face my heart said unto thee Thy
face LORD will I seek

279 Hide not thy face far from me put not thy servant away in anger
thou hast been my help leave me not neither forsake me O God of my
salvation

2710 When my father and my mother forsake me then the LORD will take
me up

2711 Teach me thy way O LORD and lead me in a plain path because
of mine enemies

2712 Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies for false
witnesses are risen up against me and such as breathe out cruelty

2713 I had fainted unless I had believed to see the goodness of the
LORD in the land of the living

2714 Wait on the LORD be of good courage and he shall strengthen
thine heart wait I say on the LORD



281 Unto thee will I cry O LORD my rock be not silent to me lest
if thou be silent to me I become like them that go down into the pit

282 Hear the voice of my supplications when I cry unto thee when I
lift up my hands toward thy holy oracle

283 Draw me not away with the wicked and with the workers of
iniquity which speak peace to their neighbours but mischief is in
their hearts

284 Give them according to their deeds and according to the
wickedness of their endeavours give them after the work of their
hands render to them their desert

285 Because they regard not the works of the LORD nor the operation
of his hands he shall destroy them and not build them up

286 Blessed be the LORD because he hath heard the voice of my
supplications

287 The LORD is my strength and my shield my heart trusted in him
and I am helped therefore my heart greatly rejoiceth and with my
song will I praise him

288 The LORD is their strength and he is the saving strength of his
anointed

289 Save thy people and bless thine inheritance feed them also and
lift them up for ever



291 Give unto the LORD O ye mighty give unto the LORD glory and
strength

292 Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name worship the LORD
in the beauty of holiness

293 The voice of the LORD is upon the waters the God of glory
thundereth the LORD is upon many waters

294 The voice of the LORD is powerful the voice of the LORD is full
of majesty

295 The voice of the LORD breaketh the cedars yea the LORD breaketh
the cedars of Lebanon

296 He maketh them also to skip like a calf Lebanon and Sirion like
a young unicorn

297 The voice of the LORD divideth the flames of fire

298 The voice of the LORD shaketh the wilderness the LORD shaketh
the wilderness of Kadesh

299 The voice of the LORD maketh the hinds to calve and discovereth
the forests and in his temple doth every one speak of his glory

2910 The LORD sitteth upon the flood yea the LORD sitteth King for
ever

2911 The LORD will give strength unto his people the LORD will bless
his people with peace

