any by his great strength

3318 Behold the eye of the LORD is upon them that fear him upon
them that hope in his mercy

3319 To deliver their soul from death and to keep them alive in
famine

3320 Our soul waiteth for the LORD he is our help and our shield

3321 For our heart shall rejoice in him because we have trusted in
his holy name

3322 Let thy mercy O LORD be upon us according as we hope in thee



341 I will bless the LORD at all times his praise shall continually
be in my mouth

342 My soul shall make her boast in the LORD the humble shall hear
thereof and be glad

343 O magnify the LORD with me and let us exalt his name together

344 I sought the LORD and he heard me and delivered me from all my
fears

345 They looked unto him and were lightened and their faces were
not ashamed

346 This poor man cried and the LORD heard him and saved him out of
all his troubles

347 The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him
and delivereth them

348 O taste and see that the LORD is good blessed is the man that
trusteth in him

349 O fear the LORD ye his saints for there is no want to them that
fear him

3410 The young lions do lack and suffer hunger but they that seek
the LORD shall not want any good thing

3411 Come ye children hearken unto me I will teach you the fear of
the LORD

3412 What man is he that desireth life and loveth many days that he
may see good

3413 Keep thy tongue from evil and thy lips from speaking guile

3414 Depart from evil and do good seek peace and pursue it

3415 The eyes of the LORD are upon the righteous and his ears are
open unto their cry

3416 The face of the LORD is against them that do evil to cut off
the remembrance of them from the earth

3417 The righteous cry and the LORD heareth and delivereth them out
of all their troubles

3418 The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart and
saveth such as be of a contrite spirit

3419 Many are the afflictions of the righteous but the LORD
delivereth him out of them all

3420 He keepeth all his bones not one of them is broken

3421 Evil shall slay the wicked and they that hate the righteous
shall be desolate

3422 The LORD redeemeth the soul of his servants and none of them
that trust in him shall be desolate



351 Plead my cause O LORD with them that strive with me fight
against them that fight against me

352 Take hold of shield and buckler and stand up for mine help

353 Draw out also the spear and stop the way against them that
persecute me say unto my soul I am thy salvation

354 Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul
let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt

355 Let them be as chaff before the wind and let the angel of the
LORD chase them

356 Let their way be dark and slippery and let the angel of the LORD
persecute them

357 For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit which
without cause they have digged for my soul
