2110 Wherefore she said unto Abraham Cast out this bondwoman and her
son for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son even
with Isaac

2111 And the thing was very grievous in Abrahams sight because of
his son

2112 And God said unto Abraham Let it not be grievous in thy sight
because of the lad and because of thy bondwoman in all that Sarah
hath said unto thee hearken unto her voice for in Isaac shall thy
seed be called

2113 And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation
because he is thy seed

2114 And Abraham rose up early in the morning and took bread and a
bottle of water and gave it unto Hagar putting it on her shoulder
and the child and sent her away and she departed and wandered in
the wilderness of Beersheba

2115 And the water was spent in the bottle and she cast the child
under one of the shrubs

2116 And she went and sat her down over against him a good way off
as it were a bow shot for she said Let me not see the death of the
child And she sat over against him and lift up her voice and wept

2117 And God heard the voice of the lad and the angel of God called
to Hagar out of heaven and said unto her What aileth thee Hagar
fear not for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is

2118 Arise lift up the lad and hold him in thine hand for I will
make him a great nation

2119 And God opened her eyes and she saw a well of water and she
went and filled the bottle with water and gave the lad drink

2120 And God was with the lad and he grew and dwelt in the
wilderness and became an archer

2121 And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran and his mother took him
a wife out of the land of Egypt

2122 And it came to pass at that time that Abimelech and Phichol the
chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham saying God is with thee
in all that thou doest 2123 Now therefore swear unto me here by God
that thou wilt not deal falsely with me nor with my son nor with my
sons son but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee
thou shalt do unto me and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned

2124 And Abraham said I will swear

2125 And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water which
Abimelechs servants had violently taken away

2126 And Abimelech said I wot not who hath done this thing neither
didst thou tell me neither yet heard I of it but to day

2127 And Abraham took sheep and oxen and gave them unto Abimelech
and both of them made a covenant

2128 And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves

2129 And Abimelech said unto Abraham What mean these seven ewe lambs
which thou hast set by themselves  2130 And he said For these seven
ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand that they may be a witness unto
me that I have digged this well

2131 Wherefore he called that place Beersheba because there they
sware both of them

2132 Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba then Abimelech rose up
and Phichol the chief captain of his host and they returned into the
land of the Philistines

2133 And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba and called there on
the name of the LORD the everlasting God

2134 And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines land many days

221 And it came to pass after these things that God did tempt
Abraham and said unto him Abraham and he said Behold here I am

222 And he said Take now thy son thine only son Isaac whom thou
lovest and get thee into the land of Moriah and offer him there for
a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of

223 And Abraham rose up early in the morning and saddled his ass
and took two of his young men with him and Isaac his son and clave
the wood for the burnt offering and rose up and went unto the place
of which God had told him

224 Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes and saw the
place afar off

225 And Abraham said unto his young men Abide ye here with the ass
and I and the lad will go yonder and worship and come again to you

226 And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering and laid it upon
Isaac his son and he took the fire in his hand and a knife and they
