
2428 And the damsel ran and told them of her mothers house these
things

2429 And Rebekah had a brother and his name was Laban and Laban ran
out unto the man unto the well

2430 And it came to pass when he saw the earring and bracelets upon
his sisters hands and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister
saying Thus spake the man unto me that he came unto the man and
behold he stood by the camels at the well

2431 And he said Come in thou blessed of the LORD wherefore
standest thou without for I have prepared the house and room for the
camels

2432 And the man came into the house and he ungirded his camels and
gave straw and provender for the camels and water to wash his feet
and the mens feet that were with him

2433 And there was set meat before him to eat but he said I will
not eat until I have told mine errand And he said Speak on

2434 And he said I am Abrahams servant

2435 And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly and he is become
great and he hath given him flocks and herds and silver and gold
and menservants and maidservants and camels and asses

2436 And Sarah my masters wife bare a son to my master when she was
old and unto him hath he given all that he hath

2437 And my master made me swear saying Thou shalt not take a wife
to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites in whose land I dwell
2438 But thou shalt go unto my fathers house and to my kindred and
take a wife unto my son

2439 And I said unto my master Peradventure the woman will not
follow me

2440 And he said unto me The LORD before whom I walk will send his
angel with thee and prosper thy way and thou shalt take a wife for
my son of my kindred and of my fathers house 2441 Then shalt thou
be clear from this my oath when thou comest to my kindred and if
they give not thee one thou shalt be clear from my oath

2442 And I came this day unto the well and said O LORD God of my
master Abraham if now thou do prosper my way which I go 2443
Behold I stand by the well of water and it shall come to pass that
when the virgin cometh forth to draw water and I say to her Give me
I pray thee a little water of thy pitcher to drink 2444 And she say
to me Both drink thou and I will also draw for thy camels let the
same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed out for my masters
son

2445 And before I had done speaking in mine heart behold Rebekah
came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder and she went down unto
the well and drew water and I said unto her Let me drink I pray
thee

2446 And she made haste and let down her pitcher from her shoulder
and said Drink and I will give thy camels drink also so I drank
and she made the camels drink also

2447 And I asked her and said Whose daughter art thou And she
said the daughter of Bethuel Nahors son whom Milcah bare unto him
and I put the earring upon her face and the bracelets upon her hands

2448 And I bowed down my head and worshipped the LORD and blessed
the LORD God of my master Abraham which had led me in the right way
to take my masters brothers daughter unto his son

2449 And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master tell
me and if not tell me that I may turn to the right hand or to the
left

2450 Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said The thing proceedeth
from the LORD we cannot speak unto thee bad or good

2451 Behold Rebekah is before thee take her and go and let her be
thy masters sons wife as the LORD hath spoken

2452 And it came to pass that when Abrahams servant heard their
words he worshipped the LORD bowing himself to the earth

2453 And the servant brought forth jewels of silver and jewels of
gold and raiment and gave them to Rebekah he gave also to her
brother and to her mother precious things

2454 And they did eat and drink he and the men that were with him
and tarried all night and they rose up in the morning and he said
Send me away unto my master

2455 And her brother and her mother said Let the damsel abide with
us a few days at the least ten after that she shall go

2456 And he said unto them Hinder me not seeing the LORD hath
prospered my way send me away that I may go to my master

2457 And they said We will call the damsel and enquire at her
