
1210 And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning and
that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire

1211 And thus shall ye eat it with your loins girded your shoes on
your feet and your staff in your hand and ye shall eat it in haste
it is the LORDs passover

1212 For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night and will
smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt both man and beast and
against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment I am the LORD

1213 And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where
ye are and when I see the blood I will pass over you and the plague
shall not be upon you to destroy you when I smite the land of Egypt

1214 And this day shall be unto you for a memorial and ye shall keep
it a feast to the LORD throughout your generations ye shall keep it a
feast by an ordinance for ever

1215 Seven days shall ye eat unleavened bread even the first day ye
shall put away leaven out of your houses for whosoever eateth
leavened bread from the first day until the seventh day that soul
shall be cut off from Israel

1216 And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation and in
the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you no manner
of work shall be done in them save that which every man must eat
that only may be done of you

1217 And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread for in this
selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt
therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an
ordinance for ever

1218 In the first month on the fourteenth day of the month at even
ye shall eat unleavened bread until the one and twentieth day of the
month at even

1219 Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses for
whosoever eateth that which is leavened even that soul shall be cut
off from the congregation of Israel whether he be a stranger or born
in the land

1220 Ye shall eat nothing leavened in all your habitations shall ye
eat unleavened bread

1221 Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel and said unto
them Draw out and take you a lamb according to your families and
kill the passover

1222 And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop and dip it in the blood
that is in the bason and strike the lintel and the two side posts
with the blood that is in the bason and none of you shall go out at
the door of his house until the morning

1223 For the LORD will pass through to smite the Egyptians and when
he seeth the blood upon the lintel and on the two side posts the
LORD will pass over the door and will not suffer the destroyer to
come in unto your houses to smite you

1224 And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to
thy sons for ever

1225 And it shall come to pass when ye be come to the land which the
LORD will give you according as he hath promised that ye shall keep
this service

1226 And it shall come to pass when your children shall say unto
you What mean ye by this service  1227 That ye shall say It is the
sacrifice of the LORDs passover who passed over the houses of the
children of Israel in Egypt when he smote the Egyptians and
delivered our houses And the people bowed the head and worshipped

1228 And the children of Israel went away and did as the LORD had
commanded Moses and Aaron so did they

1229 And it came to pass that at midnight the LORD smote all the
firstborn in the land of Egypt from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat
on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the
dungeon and all the firstborn of cattle

1230 And Pharaoh rose up in the night he and all his servants and
all the Egyptians and there was a great cry in Egypt for there was
not a house where there was not one dead

1231 And he called for Moses and Aaron by night and said Rise up
and get you forth from among my people both ye and the children of
Israel and go serve the LORD as ye have said

1232 Also take your flocks and your herds as ye have said and be
gone and bless me also

1233 And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people that they might
send them out of the land in haste for they said We be all dead men

1234 And the people took their dough before it was leavened their
kneadingtroughs being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders

1235 And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses
