205 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them nor serve them for I
the LORD thy God am a jealous God visiting the iniquity of the
fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them
that hate me 206 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love
me and keep my commandments

207 Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain for the
LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain

208 Remember the sabbath day to keep it holy

209 Six days shalt thou labour and do all thy work 2010 But the
seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God in it thou shalt not
do any work thou nor thy son nor thy daughter thy manservant nor
thy maidservant nor thy cattle nor thy stranger that is within thy
gates 2011 For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth the sea
and all that in them is and rested the seventh day wherefore the
LORD blessed the sabbath day and hallowed it

2012 Honour thy father and thy mother that thy days may be long upon
the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee

2013 Thou shalt not kill

2014 Thou shalt not commit adultery

2015 Thou shalt not steal

2016 Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour

2017 Thou shalt not covet thy neighbours house thou shalt not covet
thy neighbours wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his
ox nor his ass nor any thing that is thy neighbours

2018 And all the people saw the thunderings and the lightnings and
the noise of the trumpet and the mountain smoking and when the
people saw it they removed and stood afar off

2019 And they said unto Moses Speak thou with us and we will hear
but let not God speak with us lest we die

2020 And Moses said unto the people Fear not for God is come to
prove you and that his fear may be before your faces that ye sin
not

2021 And the people stood afar off and Moses drew near unto the
thick darkness where God was

2022 And the LORD said unto Moses Thus thou shalt say unto the
children of Israel Ye have seen that I have talked with you from
heaven

2023 Ye shall not make with me gods of silver neither shall ye make
unto you gods of gold

2024 An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me and shalt sacrifice
thereon thy burnt offerings and thy peace offerings thy sheep and
thine oxen in all places where I record my name I will come unto
thee and I will bless thee

2025 And if thou wilt make me an altar of stone thou shalt not build
it of hewn stone for if thou lift up thy tool upon it thou hast
polluted it

2026 Neither shalt thou go up by steps unto mine altar that thy
nakedness be not discovered thereon

211 Now these are the judgments which thou shalt set before them

212 If thou buy an Hebrew servant six years he shall serve and in
the seventh he shall go out free for nothing

213 If he came in by himself he shall go out by himself if he were
married then his wife shall go out with him

214 If his master have given him a wife and she have born him sons
or daughters the wife and her children shall be her masters and he
shall go out by himself

215 And if the servant shall plainly say I love my master my wife
and my children I will not go out free 216 Then his master shall
bring him unto the judges he shall also bring him to the door or
unto the door post and his master shall bore his ear through with an
aul and he shall serve him for ever

217 And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant she shall not
go out as the menservants do

218 If she please not her master who hath betrothed her to himself
then shall he let her be redeemed to sell her unto a strange nation
he shall have no power seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her

219 And if he have betrothed her unto his son he shall deal with her
after the manner of daughters

2110 If he take him another wife her food her raiment and her duty
of marriage shall he not diminish

2111 And if he do not these three unto her then shall she go out
free without money
