
618 So will I sing praise unto thy name for ever that I may daily
perform my vows



621 Truly my soul waiteth upon God from him cometh my salvation

622 He only is my rock and my salvation he is my defence I shall
not be greatly moved

623 How long will ye imagine mischief against a man ye shall be
slain all of you as a bowing wall shall ye be and as a tottering
fence

624 They only consult to cast him down from his excellency they
delight in lies they bless with their mouth but they curse inwardly
Selah

625 My soul wait thou only upon God for my expectation is from him

626 He only is my rock and my salvation he is my defence I shall
not be moved

627 In God is my salvation and my glory the rock of my strength and
my refuge is in God

628 Trust in him at all times ye people pour out your heart before
him God is a refuge for us Selah

629 Surely men of low degree are vanity and men of high degree are a
lie to be laid in the balance they are altogether lighter than
vanity

6210 Trust not in oppression and become not vain in robbery if
riches increase set not your heart upon them

6211 God hath spoken once twice have I heard this that power
belongeth unto God

6212 Also unto thee O Lord belongeth mercy for thou renderest to
every man according to his work



631 O God thou art my God early will I seek thee my soul thirsteth
for thee my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land where
no water is

632 To see thy power and thy glory so as I have seen thee in the
sanctuary

633 Because thy lovingkindness is better than life my lips shall
praise thee

634 Thus will I bless thee while I live I will lift up my hands in
thy name

635 My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness and my
mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips

636 When I remember thee upon my bed and meditate on thee in the
night watches

637 Because thou hast been my help therefore in the shadow of thy
wings will I rejoice

638 My soul followeth hard after thee thy right hand upholdeth me

639 But those that seek my soul to destroy it shall go into the
lower parts of the earth

6310 They shall fall by the sword they shall be a portion for foxes

6311 But the king shall rejoice in God every one that sweareth by
him shall glory but the mouth of them that speak lies shall be
stopped



641 Hear my voice O God in my prayer preserve my life from fear of
the enemy

642 Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked from the
insurrection of the workers of iniquity

643 Who whet their tongue like a sword and bend their bows to shoot
their arrows even bitter words

644 That they may shoot in secret at the perfect suddenly do they
shoot at him and fear not

645 They encourage themselves in an evil matter they commune of
laying snares privily they say Who shall see them

646 They search out iniquities they accomplish a diligent search
both the inward thought of every one of them and the heart is deep

647 But God shall shoot at them with an arrow suddenly shall they be
wounded
