
648 So they shall make their own tongue to fall upon themselves all
that see them shall flee away

649 And all men shall fear and shall declare the work of God for
they shall wisely consider of his doing

6410 The righteous shall be glad in the LORD and shall trust in him
and all the upright in heart shall glory



651 Praise waiteth for thee O God in Sion and unto thee shall the
vow be performed

652 O thou that hearest prayer unto thee shall all flesh come

653 Iniquities prevail against me as for our transgressions thou
shalt purge them away

654 Blessed is the man whom thou choosest and causest to approach
unto thee that he may dwell in thy courts we shall be satisfied with
the goodness of thy house even of thy holy temple

655 By terrible things in righteousness wilt thou answer us O God of
our salvation who art the confidence of all the ends of the earth
and of them that are afar off upon the sea

656 Which by his strength setteth fast the mountains being girded
with power

657 Which stilleth the noise of the seas the noise of their waves
and the tumult of the people

658 They also that dwell in the uttermost parts are afraid at thy
tokens thou makest the outgoings of the morning and evening to
rejoice

659 Thou visitest the earth and waterest it thou greatly enrichest
it with the river of God which is full of water thou preparest them
corn when thou hast so provided for it

6510 Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly thou settlest the
furrows thereof thou makest it soft with showers thou blessest the
springing thereof

6511 Thou crownest the year with thy goodness and thy paths drop
fatness

6512 They drop upon the pastures of the wilderness and the little
hills rejoice on every side

6513 The pastures are clothed with flocks the valleys also are
covered over with corn they shout for joy they also sing



661 Make a joyful noise unto God all ye lands

662 Sing forth the honour of his name make his praise glorious

663 Say unto God How terrible art thou in thy works through the
greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto
thee

664 All the earth shall worship thee and shall sing unto thee they
shall sing to thy name Selah

665 Come and see the works of God he is terrible in his doing toward
the children of men

666 He turned the sea into dry land they went through the flood on
foot there did we rejoice in him

667 He ruleth by his power for ever his eyes behold the nations let
not the rebellious exalt themselves Selah

668 O bless our God ye people and make the voice of his praise to
be heard

669 Which holdeth our soul in life and suffereth not our feet to be
moved

6610 For thou O God hast proved us thou hast tried us as silver
is tried

6611 Thou broughtest us into the net thou laidst affliction upon our
loins

6612 Thou hast caused men to ride over our heads we went through
fire and through water but thou broughtest us out into a wealthy
place

6613 I will go into thy house with burnt offerings I will pay thee
my vows

6614 Which my lips have uttered and my mouth hath spoken when I was
in trouble

6615 I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings with the
