4022 And he put the table in the tent of the congregation upon the
side of the tabernacle northward without the vail

4023 And he set the bread in order upon it before the LORD as the
LORD had commanded Moses

4024 And he put the candlestick in the tent of the congregation over
against the table on the side of the tabernacle southward

4025 And he lighted the lamps before the LORD as the LORD commanded
Moses

4026 And he put the golden altar in the tent of the congregation
before the vail 4027 And he burnt sweet incense thereon as the LORD
commanded Moses

4028 And he set up the hanging at the door of the tabernacle

4029 And he put the altar of burnt offering by the door of the
tabernacle of the tent of the congregation and offered upon it the
burnt offering and the meat offering as the LORD commanded Moses

4030 And he set the laver between the tent of the congregation and
the altar and put water there to wash withal

4031 And Moses and Aaron and his sons washed their hands and their
feet thereat 4032 When they went into the tent of the congregation
and when they came near unto the altar they washed as the LORD
commanded Moses

4033 And he reared up the court round about the tabernacle and the
altar and set up the hanging of the court gate So Moses finished the
work

4034 Then a cloud covered the tent of the congregation and the glory
of the LORD filled the tabernacle

4035 And Moses was not able to enter into the tent of the
congregation because the cloud abode thereon and the glory of the
LORD filled the tabernacle

4036 And when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle the
children of Israel went onward in all their journeys 4037 But if the
cloud were not taken up then they journeyed not till the day that it
was taken up

4038 For the cloud of the LORD was upon the tabernacle by day and
fire was on it by night in the sight of all the house of Israel
throughout all their journeys




The Third Book of Moses  Called Leviticus


11 And the LORD called unto Moses and spake unto him out of the
tabernacle of the congregation saying 12 Speak unto the children of
Israel and say unto them If any man of you bring an offering unto
the LORD ye shall bring your offering of the cattle even of the
herd and of the flock

13 If his offering be a burnt sacrifice of the herd let him offer a
male without blemish he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at
the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD

14 And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering and
it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him

15 And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD and the priests
Aarons sons shall bring the blood and sprinkle the blood round
about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the
congregation

16 And he shall flay the burnt offering and cut it into his pieces

17 And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire upon the altar
and lay the wood in order upon the fire 18 And the priests Aarons
sons shall lay the parts the head and the fat in order upon the
wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar 19 But his inwards
and his legs shall he wash in water and the priest shall burn all on
the altar to be a burnt sacrifice an offering made by fire of a
sweet savour unto the LORD

110 And if his offering be of the flocks namely of the sheep or of
the goats for a burnt sacrifice he shall bring it a male without
blemish

111 And he shall kill it on the side of the altar northward before
the LORD and the priests Aarons sons shall sprinkle his blood
round about upon the altar

112 And he shall cut it into his pieces with his head and his fat
and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire
which is upon the altar 113 But he shall wash the inwards and the
legs with water and the priest shall bring it all and burn it upon
the altar it is a burnt sacrifice an offering made by fire of a
sweet savour unto the LORD

114 And if the burnt sacrifice for his offering to the LORD be of
