fowls then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves or of young
pigeons

115 And the priest shall bring it unto the altar and wring off his
head and burn it on the altar and the blood thereof shall be wrung
out at the side of the altar 116 And he shall pluck away his crop
with his feathers and cast it beside the altar on the east part by
the place of the ashes 117 And he shall cleave it with the wings
thereof but shall not divide it asunder and the priest shall burn it
upon the altar upon the wood that is upon the fire it is a burnt
sacrifice an offering made by fire of a sweet savour unto the LORD

21 And when any will offer a meat offering unto the LORD his
offering shall be of fine flour and he shall pour oil upon it and
put frankincense thereon 22 And he shall bring it to Aarons sons
the priests and he shall take thereout his handful of the flour
thereof and of the oil thereof with all the frankincense thereof
and the priest shall burn the memorial of it upon the altar to be an
offering made by fire of a sweet savour unto the LORD 23 And the
remnant of the meat offering shall be Aarons and his sons it is a
thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire

24 And if thou bring an oblation of a meat offering baken in the
oven it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mingled with oil or
unleavened wafers anointed with oil

25 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in a pan it shall be
of fine flour unleavened mingled with oil

26 Thou shalt part it in pieces and pour oil thereon it is a meat
offering

27 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in the fryingpan it
shall be made of fine flour with oil

28 And thou shalt bring the meat offering that is made of these
things unto the LORD and when it is presented unto the priest he
shall bring it unto the altar

29 And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial
thereof and shall burn it upon the altar it is an offering made by
fire of a sweet savour unto the LORD

210 And that which is left of the meat offering shall be Aarons and
his sons it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made
by fire

211 No meat offering which ye shall bring unto the LORD shall be
made with leaven for ye shall burn no leaven nor any honey in any
offering of the LORD made by fire

212 As for the oblation of the firstfruits ye shall offer them unto
the LORD but they shall not be burnt on the altar for a sweet savour

213 And every oblation of thy meat offering shalt thou season with
salt neither shalt thou suffer the salt of the covenant of thy God to
be lacking from thy meat offering with all thine offerings thou shalt
offer salt

214 And if thou offer a meat offering of thy firstfruits unto the
LORD thou shalt offer for the meat offering of thy firstfruits green
ears of corn dried by the fire even corn beaten out of full ears

215 And thou shalt put oil upon it and lay frankincense thereon it
is a meat offering

216 And the priest shall burn the memorial of it part of the beaten
corn thereof and part of the oil thereof with all the frankincense
thereof it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD

31 And if his oblation be a sacrifice of peace offering if he offer
it of the herd whether it be a male or female he shall offer it
without blemish before the LORD

32 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering and kill
it at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation and Aarons sons
the priests shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about

33 And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an
offering made by fire unto the LORD the fat that covereth the
inwards and all the fat that is upon the inwards 34 And the two
kidneys and the fat that is on them which is by the flanks and the
caul above the liver with the kidneys it shall he take away

35 And Aarons sons shall burn it on the altar upon the burnt
sacrifice which is upon the wood that is on the fire it is an
offering made by fire of a sweet savour unto the LORD

36 And if his offering for a sacrifice of peace offering unto the
LORD be of the flock male or female he shall offer it without
blemish

37 If he offer a lamb for his offering then shall he offer it before
the LORD

38 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering and kill
it before the tabernacle of the congregation and Aarons sons shall
sprinkle the blood thereof round about upon the altar

39 And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an
