621 In a pan it shall be made with oil and when it is baken thou
shalt bring it in and the baken pieces of the meat offering shalt
thou offer for a sweet savour unto the LORD

622 And the priest of his sons that is anointed in his stead shall
offer it it is a statute for ever unto the LORD it shall be wholly
burnt

623 For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt it
shall not be eaten

624 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 625 Speak unto Aaron and
to his sons saying This is the law of the sin offering In the place
where the burnt offering is killed shall the sin offering be killed
before the LORD it is most holy

626 The priest that offereth it for sin shall eat it in the holy
place shall it be eaten in the court of the tabernacle of the
congregation

627 Whatsoever shall touch the flesh thereof shall be holy and when
there is sprinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment thou shalt
wash that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place

628 But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken and
if it be sodden in a brasen pot it shall be both scoured and rinsed
in water

629 All the males among the priests shall eat thereof it is most
holy

630 And no sin offering whereof any of the blood is brought into the
tabernacle of the congregation to reconcile withal in the holy place
shall be eaten it shall be burnt in the fire

71 Likewise this is the law of the trespass offering it is most
holy

72 In the place where they kill the burnt offering shall they kill
the trespass offering and the blood thereof shall he sprinkle round
about upon the altar

73 And he shall offer of it all the fat thereof the rump and the
fat that covereth the inwards 74 And the two kidneys and the fat
that is on them which is by the flanks and the caul that is above
the liver with the kidneys it shall he take away 75 And the priest
shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto the
LORD it is a trespass offering

76 Every male among the priests shall eat thereof it shall be eaten
in the holy place it is most holy

77 As the sin offering is so is the trespass offering there is one
law for them the priest that maketh atonement therewith shall have
it

78 And the priest that offereth any mans burnt offering even the
priest shall have to himself the skin of the burnt offering which he
hath offered

79 And all the meat offering that is baken in the oven and all that
is dressed in the fryingpan and in the pan shall be the priests
that offereth it

710 And every meat offering mingled with oil and dry shall all the
sons of Aaron have one as much as another

711 And this is the law of the sacrifice of peace offerings which he
shall offer unto the LORD

712 If he offer it for a thanksgiving then he shall offer with the
sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil and
unleavened wafers anointed with oil and cakes mingled with oil of
fine flour fried

713 Besides the cakes he shall offer for his offering leavened bread
with the sacrifice of thanksgiving of his peace offerings

714 And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an
heave offering unto the LORD and it shall be the priests that
sprinkleth the blood of the peace offerings

715 And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for
thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered he shall
not leave any of it until the morning

716 But if the sacrifice of his offering be a vow or a voluntary
offering it shall be eaten the same day that he offereth his
sacrifice and on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten
717 But the remainder of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third day
shall be burnt with fire

718 And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings
be eaten at all on the third day it shall not be accepted neither
shall it be imputed unto him that offereth it it shall be an
abomination and the soul that eateth of it shall bear his iniquity

719 And the flesh that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten
it shall be burnt with fire and as for the flesh all that be clean
shall eat thereof
