the first year without blemish for a burnt offering 94 Also a
bullock and a ram for peace offerings to sacrifice before the LORD
and a meat offering mingled with oil for to day the LORD will appear
unto you

95 And they brought that which Moses commanded before the tabernacle
of the congregation and all the congregation drew near and stood
before the LORD

96 And Moses said This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye
should do and the glory of the LORD shall appear unto you

97 And Moses said unto Aaron Go unto the altar and offer thy sin
offering and thy burnt offering and make an atonement for thyself
and for the people and offer the offering of the people and make an
atonement for them as the LORD commanded

98 Aaron therefore went unto the altar and slew the calf of the sin
offering which was for himself

99 And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him and he dipped
his finger in the blood and put it upon the horns of the altar and
poured out the blood at the bottom of the altar 910 But the fat and
the kidneys and the caul above the liver of the sin offering he
burnt upon the altar as the LORD commanded Moses

911 And the flesh and the hide he burnt with fire without the camp

912 And he slew the burnt offering and Aarons sons presented unto
him the blood which he sprinkled round about upon the altar

913 And they presented the burnt offering unto him with the pieces
thereof and the head and he burnt them upon the altar

914 And he did wash the inwards and the legs and burnt them upon the
burnt offering on the altar

915 And he brought the peoples offering and took the goat which
was the sin offering for the people and slew it and offered it for
sin as the first

916 And he brought the burnt offering and offered it according to
the manner

917 And he brought the meat offering and took an handful thereof
and burnt it upon the altar beside the burnt sacrifice of the
morning

918 He slew also the bullock and the ram for a sacrifice of peace
offerings which was for the people and Aarons sons presented unto
him the blood which he sprinkled upon the altar round about 919 And
the fat of the bullock and of the ram the rump and that which
covereth the inwards and the kidneys and the caul above the liver
920 And they put the fat upon the breasts and he burnt the fat upon
the altar 921 And the breasts and the right shoulder Aaron waved for
a wave offering before the LORD as Moses commanded

922 And Aaron lifted up his hand toward the people and blessed them
and came down from offering of the sin offering and the burnt
offering and peace offerings

923 And Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of the congregation
and came out and blessed the people and the glory of the LORD
appeared unto all the people

924 And there came a fire out from before the LORD and consumed upon
the altar the burnt offering and the fat which when all the people
saw they shouted and fell on their faces

101 And Nadab and Abihu the sons of Aaron took either of them his
censer and put fire therein and put incense thereon and offered
strange fire before the LORD which he commanded them not

102 And there went out fire from the LORD and devoured them and
they died before the LORD

103 Then Moses said unto Aaron This is it that the LORD spake
saying I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me and before all
the people I will be glorified And Aaron held his peace

104 And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan the sons of Uzziel the
uncle of Aaron and said unto them Come near carry your brethren
from before the sanctuary out of the camp

105 So they went near and carried them in their coats out of the
camp as Moses had said

106 And Moses said unto Aaron and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar his
sons Uncover not your heads neither rend your clothes lest ye die
and lest wrath come upon all the people but let your brethren the
whole house of Israel bewail the burning which the LORD hath kindled

107 And ye shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of the
congregation lest ye die for the anointing oil of the LORD is upon
you And they did according to the word of Moses

108 And the LORD spake unto Aaron saying 109 Do not drink wine nor
strong drink thou nor thy sons with thee when ye go into the
tabernacle of the congregation lest ye die it shall be a statute for
ever throughout your generations 1010 And that ye may put difference
