2540 But as an hired servant and as a sojourner he shall be with
thee and shall serve thee unto the year of jubile

2541 And then shall he depart from thee both he and his children
with him and shall return unto his own family and unto the
possession of his fathers shall he return

2542 For they are my servants which I brought forth out of the land
of Egypt they shall not be sold as bondmen

2543 Thou shalt not rule over him with rigour but shalt fear thy
God

2544 Both thy bondmen and thy bondmaids which thou shalt have
shall be of the heathen that are round about you of them shall ye buy
bondmen and bondmaids

2545 Moreover of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among
you of them shall ye buy and of their families that are with you
which they begat in your land and they shall be your possession

2546 And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your children after
you to inherit them for a possession they shall be your bondmen for
ever but over your brethren the children of Israel ye shall not rule
one over another with rigour

2547 And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee and thy brother
that dwelleth by him wax poor and sell himself unto the stranger or
sojourner by thee or to the stock of the strangers family 2548
After that he is sold he may be redeemed again one of his brethren
may redeem him 2549 Either his uncle or his uncles son may redeem
him or any that is nigh of kin unto him of his family may redeem him
or if he be able he may redeem himself

2550 And he shall reckon with him that bought him from the year that
he was sold to him unto the year of jubile and the price of his sale
shall be according unto the number of years according to the time of
an hired servant shall it be with him

2551 If there be yet many years behind according unto them he shall
give again the price of his redemption out of the money that he was
bought for

2552 And if there remain but few years unto the year of jubile then
he shall count with him and according unto his years shall he give
him again the price of his redemption

2553 And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him and the
other shall not rule with rigour over him in thy sight

2554 And if he be not redeemed in these years then he shall go out
in the year of jubile both he and his children with him

2555 For unto me the children of Israel are servants they are my
servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt I am the LORD
your God

261 Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image neither rear you up
a standing image neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your
land to bow down unto it for I am the LORD your God

262 Ye shall keep my sabbaths and reverence my sanctuary I am the
LORD

263 If ye walk in my statutes and keep my commandments and do them
264 Then I will give you rain in due season and the land shall yield
her increase and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit

265 And your threshing shall reach unto the vintage and the vintage
shall reach unto the sowing time and ye shall eat your bread to the
full and dwell in your land safely

266 And I will give peace in the land and ye shall lie down and
none shall make you afraid and I will rid evil beasts out of the
land neither shall the sword go through your land

267 And ye shall chase your enemies and they shall fall before you
by the sword

268 And five of you shall chase an hundred and an hundred of you
shall put ten thousand to flight and your enemies shall fall before
you by the sword

269 For I will have respect unto you and make you fruitful and
multiply you and establish my covenant with you

2610 And ye shall eat old store and bring forth the old because of
the new

2611 And I set my tabernacle among you and my soul shall not abhor
you

2612 And I will walk among you and will be your God and ye shall be
my people

2613 I am the LORD your God which brought you forth out of the land
of Egypt that ye should not be their bondmen and I have broken the
bands of your yoke and made you go upright

2614 But if ye will not hearken unto me and will not do all these
