the LORDs

2727 And if it be of an unclean beast then he shall redeem it
according to thine estimation and shall add a fifth part of it
thereto or if it be not redeemed then it shall be sold according to
thy estimation

2728 Notwithstanding no devoted thing that a man shall devote unto
the LORD of all that he hath both of man and beast and of the field
of his possession shall be sold or redeemed every devoted thing is
most holy unto the LORD

2729 None devoted which shall be devoted of men shall be redeemed
but shall surely be put to death

2730 And all the tithe of the land whether of the seed of the land
or of the fruit of the tree is the LORDs it is holy unto the LORD

2731 And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes he shall
add thereto the fifth part thereof

2732 And concerning the tithe of the herd or of the flock even of
whatsoever passeth under the rod the tenth shall be holy unto the
LORD

2733 He shall not search whether it be good or bad neither shall he
change it and if he change it at all then both it and the change
thereof shall be holy it shall not be redeemed

2734 These are the commandments which the LORD commanded Moses for
the children of Israel in mount Sinai




The Fourth Book of Moses  Called Numbers


11 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai in the
tabernacle of the congregation on the first day of the second month
in the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt
saying 12 Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of
Israel after their families by the house of their fathers with the
number of their names every male by their polls 13 From twenty
years old and upward all that are able to go forth to war in Israel
thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies

14 And with you there shall be a man of every tribe every one head
of the house of his fathers

15 And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you of
the tribe of Reuben Elizur the son of Shedeur

16 Of Simeon Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai

17 Of Judah Nahshon the son of Amminadab

18 Of Issachar Nethaneel the son of Zuar

19 Of Zebulun Eliab the son of Helon

110 Of the children of Joseph of Ephraim Elishama the son of
Ammihud of Manasseh Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur

111 Of Benjamin Abidan the son of Gideoni

112 Of Dan Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai

113 Of Asher Pagiel the son of Ocran

114 Of Gad Eliasaph the son of Deuel

115 Of Naphtali Ahira the son of Enan

116 These were the renowned of the congregation princes of the
tribes of their fathers heads of thousands in Israel

117 And Moses and Aaron took these men which are expressed by their
names 118 And they assembled all the congregation together on the
first day of the second month and they declared their pedigrees after
their families by the house of their fathers according to the number
of the names from twenty years old and upward by their polls

119 As the LORD commanded Moses so he numbered them in the
wilderness of Sinai

120 And the children of Reuben Israels eldest son by their
generations after their families by the house of their fathers
according to the number of the names by their polls every male from
twenty years old and upward all that were able to go forth to war
121 Those that were numbered of them even of the tribe of Reuben
were forty and six thousand and five hundred

122 Of the children of Simeon by their generations after their
families by the house of their fathers those that were numbered of
them according to the number of the names by their polls every male
from twenty years old and upward all that were able to go forth to
war 123 Those that were numbered of them even of the tribe of
Simeon were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred

