
525 Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of the
womans hand and shall wave the offering before the LORD and offer
it upon the altar 526 And the priest shall take an handful of the
offering even the memorial thereof and burn it upon the altar and
afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water

527 And when he hath made her to drink the water then it shall come
to pass that if she be defiled and have done trespass against her
husband that the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her
and become bitter and her belly shall swell and her thigh shall rot
and the woman shall be a curse among her people

528 And if the woman be not defiled but be clean then she shall be
free and shall conceive seed

529 This is the law of jealousies when a wife goeth aside to another
instead of her husband and is defiled 530 Or when the spirit of
jealousy cometh upon him and he be jealous over his wife and shall
set the woman before the LORD and the priest shall execute upon her
all this law

531 Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity and this woman
shall bear her iniquity

61 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 62 Speak unto the children
of Israel and say unto them When either man or woman shall separate
themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite to separate themselves unto the
LORD 63 He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink and
shall drink no vinegar of wine or vinegar of strong drink neither
shall he drink any liquor of grapes nor eat moist grapes or dried

64 All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made
of the vine tree from the kernels even to the husk

65 All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor
come upon his head until the days be fulfilled in the which he
separateth himself unto the LORD he shall be holy and shall let the
locks of the hair of his head grow

66 All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall
come at no dead body

67 He shall not make himself unclean for his father or for his
mother for his brother or for his sister when they die because the
consecration of his God is upon his head

68 All the days of his separation he is holy unto the LORD

69 And if any man die very suddenly by him and he hath defiled the
head of his consecration then he shall shave his head in the day of
his cleansing on the seventh day shall he shave it

610 And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles or two young
pigeons to the priest to the door of the tabernacle of the
congregation 611 And the priest shall offer the one for a sin
offering and the other for a burnt offering and make an atonement
for him for that he sinned by the dead and shall hallow his head
that same day

612 And he shall consecrate unto the LORD the days of his separation
and shall bring a lamb of the first year for a trespass offering but
the days that were before shall be lost because his separation was
defiled

613 And this is the law of the Nazarite when the days of his
separation are fulfilled he shall be brought unto the door of the
tabernacle of the congregation 614 And he shall offer his offering
unto the LORD one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a
burnt offering and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for
a sin offering and one ram without blemish for peace offerings 615
And a basket of unleavened bread cakes of fine flour mingled with
oil and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil and their meat
offering and their drink offerings

616 And the priest shall bring them before the LORD and shall offer
his sin offering and his burnt offering 617 And he shall offer the
ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD with the basket
of unleavened bread the priest shall offer also his meat offering
and his drink offering

618 And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the
door of the tabernacle of the congregation and shall take the hair of
the head of his separation and put it in the fire which is under the
sacrifice of the peace offerings

619 And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram and one
unleavened cake out of the basket and one unleavened wafer and shall
put them upon the hands of the Nazarite after the hair of his
separation is shaven 620 And the priest shall wave them for a wave
offering before the LORD this is holy for the priest with the wave
breast and heave shoulder and after that the Nazarite may drink wine

621 This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed and of his
offering unto the LORD for his separation beside that that his hand
shall get according to the vow which he vowed so he must do after
the law of his separation

622 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 623 Speak unto Aaron and
unto his sons saying On this wise ye shall bless the children of
