
1411 And the LORD said unto Moses How long will this people provoke
me  and how long will it be ere they believe me for all the signs
which I have shewed among them  1412 I will smite them with the
pestilence and disinherit them and will make of thee a greater
nation and mightier than they

1413 And Moses said unto the LORD Then the Egyptians shall hear it
for thou broughtest up this people in thy might from among them
1414 And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land for they
have heard that thou LORD art among this people that thou LORD art
seen face to face and that thy cloud standeth over them and that
thou goest before them by day time in a pillar of a cloud and in a
pillar of fire by night

1415 Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man then the
nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak saying 1416
Because the LORD was not able to bring this people into the land which
he sware unto them therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness

1417 And now I beseech thee let the power of my LORD be great
according as thou hast spoken saying 1418 The LORD is
longsuffering and of great mercy forgiving iniquity and
transgression and by no means clearing the guilty visiting the
iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth
generation

1419 Pardon I beseech thee the iniquity of this people according
unto the greatness of thy mercy and as thou hast forgiven this
people from Egypt even until now

1420 And the LORD said I have pardoned according to thy word 1421
But as truly as I live all the earth shall be filled with the glory
of the LORD

1422 Because all those men which have seen my glory and my miracles
which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness and have tempted me now
these ten times and have not hearkened to my voice 1423 Surely they
shall not see the land which I sware unto their fathers neither shall
any of them that provoked me see it 1424 But my servant Caleb
because he had another spirit with him and hath followed me fully
him will I bring into the land whereinto he went and his seed shall
possess it

1425 Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelt in the valley
Tomorrow turn you and get you into the wilderness by the way of the
Red sea

1426 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying 1427 How
long shall I bear with this evil congregation which murmur against
me I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel which they
murmur against me

1428 Say unto them As truly as I live saith the LORD as ye have
spoken in mine ears so will I do to you 1429 Your carcases shall
fall in this wilderness and all that were numbered of you according
to your whole number from twenty years old and upward which have
murmured against me

1430 Doubtless ye shall not come into the land concerning which I
sware to make you dwell therein save Caleb the son of Jephunneh and
Joshua the son of Nun

1431 But your little ones which ye said should be a prey them will
I bring in and they shall know the land which ye have despised

1432 But as for you your carcases they shall fall in this
wilderness

1433 And your children shall wander in the wilderness forty years
and bear your whoredoms until your carcases be wasted in the
wilderness

1434 After the number of the days in which ye searched the land even
forty days each day for a year shall ye bear your iniquities even
forty years and ye shall know my breach of promise

1435 I the LORD have said I will surely do it unto all this evil
congregation that are gathered together against me in this
wilderness they shall be consumed and there they shall die

1436 And the men which Moses sent to search the land who returned
and made all the congregation to murmur against him by bringing up a
slander upon the land 1437 Even those men that did bring up the evil
report upon the land died by the plague before the LORD

1438 But Joshua the son of Nun and Caleb the son of Jephunneh which
were of the men that went to search the land lived still

1439 And Moses told these sayings unto all the children of Israel
and the people mourned greatly

1440 And they rose up early in the morning and gat them up into the
top of the mountain saying Lo we be here and will go up unto the
place which the LORD hath promised for we have sinned

1441 And Moses said Wherefore now do ye transgress the commandment
of the LORD but it shall not prosper

1442 Go not up for the LORD is not among you that ye be not smitten
