173 And thou shalt write Aarons name upon the rod of Levi for one
rod shall be for the head of the house of their fathers

174 And thou shalt lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation
before the testimony where I will meet with you

175 And it shall come to pass that the mans rod whom I shall
choose shall blossom and I will make to cease from me the murmurings
of the children of Israel whereby they murmur against you

176 And Moses spake unto the children of Israel and every one of
their princes gave him a rod apiece for each prince one according to
their fathers houses even twelve rods and the rod of Aaron was
among their rods

177 And Moses laid up the rods before the LORD in the tabernacle of
witness

178 And it came to pass that on the morrow Moses went into the
tabernacle of witness and behold the rod of Aaron for the house of
Levi was budded and brought forth buds and bloomed blossoms and
yielded almonds

179 And Moses brought out all the rods from before the LORD unto all
the children of Israel and they looked and took every man his rod

1710 And the LORD said unto Moses Bring Aarons rod again before the
testimony to be kept for a token against the rebels and thou shalt
quite take away their murmurings from me that they die not

1711 And Moses did so as the LORD commanded him so did he

1712 And the children of Israel spake unto Moses saying Behold we
die we perish we all perish

1713 Whosoever cometh any thing near unto the tabernacle of the LORD
shall die shall we be consumed with dying  181 And the LORD said
unto Aaron Thou and thy sons and thy fathers house with thee shall
bear the iniquity of the sanctuary and thou and thy sons with thee
shall bear the iniquity of your priesthood

182 And thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi the tribe of thy
father bring thou with thee that they may be joined unto thee and
minister unto thee but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister
before the tabernacle of witness

183 And they shall keep thy charge and the charge of all the
tabernacle only they shall not come nigh the vessels of the sanctuary
and the altar that neither they nor ye also die

184 And they shall be joined unto thee and keep the charge of the
tabernacle of the congregation for all the service of the tabernacle
and a stranger shall not come nigh unto you

185 And ye shall keep the charge of the sanctuary and the charge of
the altar that there be no wrath any more upon the children of
Israel

186 And I behold I have taken your brethren the Levites from among
the children of Israel to you they are given as a gift for the LORD
to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation

187 Therefore thou and thy sons with thee shall keep your priests
office for everything of the altar and within the vail and ye shall
serve I have given your priests office unto you as a service of
gift and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death

188 And the LORD spake unto Aaron Behold I also have given thee the
charge of mine heave offerings of all the hallowed things of the
children of Israel unto thee have I given them by reason of the
anointing and to thy sons by an ordinance for ever

189 This shall be thine of the most holy things reserved from the
fire every oblation of theirs every meat offering of theirs and
every sin offering of theirs and every trespass offering of theirs
which they shall render unto me shall be most holy for thee and for
thy sons

1810 In the most holy place shalt thou eat it every male shall eat
it it shall be holy unto thee

1811 And this is thine the heave offering of their gift with all
the wave offerings of the children of Israel I have given them unto
thee and to thy sons and to thy daughters with thee by a statute for
ever every one that is clean in thy house shall eat of it

1812 All the best of the oil and all the best of the wine and of
the wheat the firstfruits of them which they shall offer unto the
LORD them have I given thee

1813 And whatsoever is first ripe in the land which they shall bring
unto the LORD shall be thine every one that is clean in thine house
shall eat of it

1814 Every thing devoted in Israel shall be thine

1815 Every thing that openeth the matrix in all flesh which they
bring unto the LORD whether it be of men or beasts shall be thine
nevertheless the firstborn of man shalt thou surely redeem and the
firstling of unclean beasts shalt thou redeem
