said Balaam refuseth to come with us

2215 And Balak sent yet again princes more and more honourable than
they

2216 And they came to Balaam and said to him Thus saith Balak the
son of Zippor Let nothing I pray thee hinder thee from coming unto
me 2217 For I will promote thee unto very great honour and I will
do whatsoever thou sayest unto me come therefore I pray thee curse
me this people

2218 And Balaam answered and said unto the servants of Balak If
Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold I cannot go
beyond the word of the LORD my God to do less or more

2219 Now therefore I pray you tarry ye also here this night that I
may know what the LORD will say unto me more

2220 And God came unto Balaam at night and said unto him If the men
come to call thee rise up and go with them but yet the word which I
shall say unto thee that shalt thou do

2221 And Balaam rose up in the morning and saddled his ass and went
with the princes of Moab

2222 And Gods anger was kindled because he went and the angel of
the LORD stood in the way for an adversary against him Now he was
riding upon his ass and his two servants were with him

2223 And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way and
his sword drawn in his hand and the ass turned aside out of the way
and went into the field and Balaam smote the ass to turn her into
the way

2224 But the angel of the LORD stood in a path of the vineyards a
wall being on this side and a wall on that side

2225 And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD she thrust herself
unto the wall and crushed Balaams foot against the wall and he
smote her again

2226 And the angel of the LORD went further and stood in a narrow
place where was no way to turn either to the right hand or to the
left

2227 And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD she fell down under
Balaam and Balaams anger was kindled and he smote the ass with a
staff

2228 And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass and she said unto
Balaam What have I done unto thee that thou hast smitten me these
three times  2229 And Balaam said unto the ass Because thou hast
mocked me I would there were a sword in mine hand for now would I
kill thee

2230 And the ass said unto Balaam Am not I thine ass upon which
thou hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day was I ever wont
to do so unto thee And he said Nay

2231 Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam and he saw the angel of
the LORD standing in the way and his sword drawn in his hand and he
bowed down his head and fell flat on his face

2232 And the angel of the LORD said unto him Wherefore hast thou
smitten thine ass these three times behold I went out to withstand
thee because thy way is perverse before me 2233 And the ass saw me
and turned from me these three times unless she had turned from me
surely now also I had slain thee and saved her alive

2234 And Balaam said unto the angel of the LORD I have sinned for I
knew not that thou stoodest in the way against me now therefore if
it displease thee I will get me back again

2235 And the angel of the LORD said unto Balaam Go with the men but
only the word that I shall speak unto thee that thou shalt speak So
Balaam went with the princes of Balak

2236 And when Balak heard that Balaam was come he went out to meet
him unto a city of Moab which is in the border of Arnon which is in
the utmost coast

2237 And Balak said unto Balaam Did I not earnestly send unto thee
to call thee wherefore camest thou not unto me am I not able indeed
to promote thee to honour  2238 And Balaam said unto Balak Lo I am
come unto thee have I now any power at all to say any thing the word
that God putteth in my mouth that shall I speak

2239 And Balaam went with Balak and they came unto Kirjathhuzoth

2240 And Balak offered oxen and sheep and sent to Balaam and to the
princes that were with him

2241 And it came to pass on the morrow that Balak took Balaam and
brought him up into the high places of Baal that thence he might see
the utmost part of the people

231 And Balaam said unto Balak Build me here seven altars and
prepare me here seven oxen and seven rams

232 And Balak did as Balaam had spoken and Balak and Balaam offered
