sweet savour one young bullock one ram and seven lambs of the first
year they shall be unto you without blemish 299 And their meat
offering shall be of flour mingled with oil three tenth deals to a
bullock and two tenth deals to one ram 2910 A several tenth deal
for one lamb throughout the seven lambs 2911 One kid of the goats
for a sin offering beside the sin offering of atonement and the
continual burnt offering and the meat offering of it and their drink
offerings

2912 And on the fifteenth day of the seventh month ye shall have an
holy convocation ye shall do no servile work and ye shall keep a
feast unto the LORD seven days 2913 And ye shall offer a burnt
offering a sacrifice made by fire of a sweet savour unto the LORD
thirteen young bullocks two rams and fourteen lambs of the first
year they shall be without blemish 2914 And their meat offering
shall be of flour mingled with oil three tenth deals unto every
bullock of the thirteen bullocks two tenth deals to each ram of the
two rams 2915 And a several tenth deal to each lamb of the fourteen
lambs 2916 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering beside the
continual burnt offering his meat offering and his drink offering

2917 And on the second day ye shall offer twelve young bullocks two
rams fourteen lambs of the first year without spot 2918 And their
meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks for the
rams and for the lambs shall be according to their number after the
manner 2919 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering beside the
continual burnt offering and the meat offering thereof and their
drink offerings

2920 And on the third day eleven bullocks two rams fourteen lambs
of the first year without blemish 2921 And their meat offering and
their drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the
lambs shall be according to their number after the manner 2922 And
one goat for a sin offering beside the continual burnt offering and
his meat offering and his drink offering

2923 And on the fourth day ten bullocks two rams and fourteen lambs
of the first year without blemish 2924 Their meat offering and their
drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the lambs
shall be according to their number after the manner 2925 And one
kid of the goats for a sin offering beside the continual burnt
offering his meat offering and his drink offering

2926 And on the fifth day nine bullocks two rams and fourteen lambs
of the first year without spot 2927 And their meat offering and
their drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the
lambs shall be according to their number after the manner 2928 And
one goat for a sin offering beside the continual burnt offering and
his meat offering and his drink offering

2929 And on the sixth day eight bullocks two rams and fourteen
lambs of the first year without blemish 2930 And their meat offering
and their drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the
lambs shall be according to their number after the manner 2931 And
one goat for a sin offering beside the continual burnt offering his
meat offering and his drink offering

2932 And on the seventh day seven bullocks two rams and fourteen
lambs of the first year without blemish 2933 And their meat offering
and their drink offerings for the bullocks for the rams and for the
lambs shall be according to their number after the manner 2934 And
one goat for a sin offering beside the continual burnt offering his
meat offering and his drink offering

2935 On the eighth day ye shall have a solemn assembly ye shall do
no servile work therein 2936 But ye shall offer a burnt offering a
sacrifice made by fire of a sweet savour unto the LORD one bullock
one ram seven lambs of the first year without blemish 2937 Their
meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock for the ram
and for the lambs shall be according to their number after the
manner 2938 And one goat for a sin offering beside the continual
burnt offering and his meat offering and his drink offering

2939 These things ye shall do unto the LORD in your set feasts
beside your vows and your freewill offerings for your burnt
offerings and for your meat offerings and for your drink offerings
and for your peace offerings

2940 And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the
LORD commanded Moses

301 And Moses spake unto the heads of the tribes concerning the
children of Israel saying This is the thing which the LORD hath
commanded

302 If a man vow a vow unto the LORD or swear an oath to bind his
soul with a bond he shall not break his word he shall do according
to all that proceedeth out of his mouth

303 If a woman also vow a vow unto the LORD and bind herself by a
bond being in her fathers house in her youth 304 And her father
hear her vow and her bond wherewith she hath bound her soul and her
father shall hold his peace at her then all her vows shall stand and
every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand

305 But if her father disallow her in the day that he heareth not
any of her vows or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound her soul
shall stand and the LORD shall forgive her because her father
disallowed her

