
130 The LORD your God which goeth before you he shall fight for you
according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes 131
And in the wilderness where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God
bare thee as a man doth bear his son in all the way that ye went
until ye came into this place

132 Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God 133 Who
went in the way before you to search you out a place to pitch your
tents in in fire by night to shew you by what way ye should go and
in a cloud by day

134 And the LORD heard the voice of your words and was wroth and
sware saying 135 Surely there shall not one of these men of this
evil generation see that good land which I sware to give unto your
fathers

136 Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh he shall see it and to him will
I give the land that he hath trodden upon and to his children
because he hath wholly followed the LORD

137 Also the LORD was angry with me for your sakes saying Thou also
shalt not go in thither

138 But Joshua the son of Nun which standeth before thee he shall
go in thither encourage him for he shall cause Israel to inherit it

139 Moreover your little ones which ye said should be a prey and
your children which in that day had no knowledge between good and
evil they shall go in thither and unto them will I give it and they
shall possess it

140 But as for you turn you and take your journey into the
wilderness by the way of the Red sea

141 Then ye answered and said unto me We have sinned against the
LORD we will go up and fight according to all that the LORD our God
commanded us

And when ye had girded on every man his weapons of war ye were ready
to go up into the hill

142 And the LORD said unto me Say unto them Go not up neither
fight for I am not among you lest ye be smitten before your enemies

143 So I spake unto you and ye would not hear but rebelled against
the commandment of the LORD and went presumptuously up into the hill

144 And the Amorites which dwelt in that mountain came out against
you and chased you as bees do and destroyed you in Seir even unto
Hormah

145 And ye returned and wept before the LORD but the LORD would not
hearken to your voice nor give ear unto you

146 So ye abode in Kadesh many days according unto the days that ye
abode there

21 Then we turned and took our journey into the wilderness by the
way of the Red sea as the LORD spake unto me and we compassed mount
Seir many days

22 And the LORD spake unto me saying 23 Ye have compassed this
mountain long enough turn you northward

24 And command thou the people saying Ye are to pass through the
coast of your brethren the children of Esau which dwell in Seir and
they shall be afraid of you take ye good heed unto yourselves
therefore 25 Meddle not with them for I will not give you of their
land no not so much as a foot breadth because I have given mount
Seir unto Esau for a possession

26 Ye shall buy meat of them for money that ye may eat and ye shall
also buy water of them for money that ye may drink

27 For the LORD thy God hath blessed thee in all the works of thy
hand he knoweth thy walking through this great wilderness these
forty years the LORD thy God hath been with thee thou hast lacked
nothing

28 And when we passed by from our brethren the children of Esau
which dwelt in Seir through the way of the plain from Elath and from
Eziongaber we turned and passed by the way of the wilderness of Moab

29 And the LORD said unto me Distress not the Moabites neither
contend with them in battle for I will not give thee of their land
for a possession because I have given Ar unto the children of Lot for
a possession

210 The Emims dwelt therein in times past a people great and many
and tall as the Anakims 211 Which also were accounted giants as
the Anakims but the Moabites called them Emims

212 The Horims also dwelt in Seir beforetime but the children of
Esau succeeded them when they had destroyed them from before them
and dwelt in their stead as Israel did unto the land of his
possession which the LORD gave unto them

213 Now rise up said I and get you over the brook Zered And we
went over the brook Zered
