

781 Give ear O my people to my law incline your ears to the words
of my mouth

782 I will open my mouth in a parable I will utter dark sayings of
old

783 Which we have heard and known and our fathers have told us

784 We will not hide them from their children shewing to the
generation to come the praises of the LORD and his strength and his
wonderful works that he hath done

785 For he established a testimony in Jacob and appointed a law in
Israel which he commanded our fathers that they should make them
known to their children

786 That the generation to come might know them even the children
which should be born who should arise and declare them to their
children

787 That they might set their hope in God and not forget the works
of God but keep his commandments

788 And might not be as their fathers a stubborn and rebellious
generation a generation that set not their heart aright and whose
spirit was not stedfast with God

789 The children of Ephraim being armed and carrying bows turned
back in the day of battle

7810 They kept not the covenant of God and refused to walk in his
law

7811 And forgat his works and his wonders that he had shewed them

7812 Marvellous things did he in the sight of their fathers in the
land of Egypt in the field of Zoan

7813 He divided the sea and caused them to pass through and he made
the waters to stand as an heap

7814 In the daytime also he led them with a cloud and all the night
with a light of fire

7815 He clave the rocks in the wilderness and gave them drink as out
of the great depths

7816 He brought streams also out of the rock and caused waters to
run down like rivers

7817 And they sinned yet more against him by provoking the most High
in the wilderness

7818 And they tempted God in their heart by asking meat for their
lust

7819 Yea they spake against God they said Can God furnish a table
in the wilderness

7820 Behold he smote the rock that the waters gushed out and the
streams overflowed can he give bread also can he provide flesh for
his people

7821 Therefore the LORD heard this and was wroth so a fire was
kindled against Jacob and anger also came up against Israel

7822 Because they believed not in God and trusted not in his
salvation

7823 Though he had commanded the clouds from above and opened the
doors of heaven

7824 And had rained down manna upon them to eat and had given them
of the corn of heaven

7825 Man did eat angels food he sent them meat to the full

7826 He caused an east wind to blow in the heaven and by his power
he brought in the south wind

7827 He rained flesh also upon them as dust and feathered fowls like
as the sand of the sea

7828 And he let it fall in the midst of their camp round about their
habitations

7829 So they did eat and were well filled for he gave them their
own desire

7830 They were not estranged from their lust But while their meat
was yet in their mouths

7831 The wrath of God came upon them and slew the fattest of them
and smote down the chosen men of Israel

7832 For all this they sinned still and believed not for his
wondrous works

