sons 410 Specially the day that thou stoodest before the LORD thy
God in Horeb when the LORD said unto me Gather me the people
together and I will make them hear my words that they may learn to
fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth and that
they may teach their children

411 And ye came near and stood under the mountain and the mountain
burned with fire unto the midst of heaven with darkness clouds and
thick darkness

412 And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire ye
heard the voice of the words but saw no similitude only ye heard a
voice

413 And he declared unto you his covenant which he commanded you to
perform even ten commandments and he wrote them upon two tables of
stone

414 And the LORD commanded me at that time to teach you statutes and
judgments that ye might do them in the land whither ye go over to
possess it

415 Take ye therefore good heed unto yourselves for ye saw no manner
of similitude on the day that the LORD spake unto you in Horeb out of
the midst of the fire 416 Lest ye corrupt yourselves and make you a
graven image the similitude of any figure the likeness of male or
female 417 The likeness of any beast that is on the earth the
likeness of any winged fowl that flieth in the air 418 The likeness
of any thing that creepeth on the ground the likeness of any fish
that is in the waters beneath the earth 419 And lest thou lift up
thine eyes unto heaven and when thou seest the sun and the moon and
the stars even all the host of heaven shouldest be driven to worship
them and serve them which the LORD thy God hath divided unto all
nations under the whole heaven

420 But the LORD hath taken you and brought you forth out of the
iron furnace even out of Egypt to be unto him a people of
inheritance as ye are this day

421 Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes and sware
that I should not go over Jordan and that I should not go in unto
that good land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance
422 But I must die in this land I must not go over Jordan but ye
shall go over and possess that good land

423 Take heed unto yourselves lest ye forget the covenant of the
LORD your God which he made with you and make you a graven image or
the likeness of any thing which the LORD thy God hath forbidden thee

424 For the LORD thy God is a consuming fire even a jealous God

425 When thou shalt beget children and childrens children and ye
shall have remained long in the land and shall corrupt yourselves
and make a graven image or the likeness of any thing and shall do
evil in the sight of the LORD thy God to provoke him to anger 426 I
call heaven and earth to witness against you this day that ye shall
soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan to
possess it ye shall not prolong your days upon it but shall utterly
be destroyed

427 And the LORD shall scatter you among the nations and ye shall be
left few in number among the heathen whither the LORD shall lead you

428 And there ye shall serve gods the work of mens hands wood and
stone which neither see nor hear nor eat nor smell

429 But if from thence thou shalt seek the LORD thy God thou shalt
find him if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul

430 When thou art in tribulation and all these things are come upon
thee even in the latter days if thou turn to the LORD thy God and
shalt be obedient unto his voice 431 For the LORD thy God is a
merciful God he will not forsake thee neither destroy thee nor
forget the covenant of thy fathers which he sware unto them

432 For ask now of the days that are past which were before thee
since the day that God created man upon the earth and ask from the
one side of heaven unto the other whether there hath been any such
thing as this great thing is or hath been heard like it  433 Did
ever people hear the voice of God speaking out of the midst of the
fire as thou hast heard and live  434 Or hath God assayed to go
and take him a nation from the midst of another nation by
temptations by signs and by wonders and by war and by a mighty
hand and by a stretched out arm and by great terrors according to
all that the LORD your God did for you in Egypt before your eyes
435 Unto thee it was shewed that thou mightest know that the LORD he
is God there is none else beside him

436 Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice that he might
instruct thee and upon earth he shewed thee his great fire and thou
heardest his words out of the midst of the fire

437 And because he loved thy fathers therefore he chose their seed
after them and brought thee out in his sight with his mighty power
out of Egypt 438 To drive out nations from before thee greater and
mightier than thou art to bring thee in to give thee their land for
an inheritance as it is this day

439 Know therefore this day and consider it in thine heart that the
LORD he is God in heaven above and upon the earth beneath there is
