7833 Therefore their days did he consume in vanity and their years
in trouble

7834 When he slew them then they sought him and they returned and
enquired early after God

7835 And they remembered that God was their rock and the high God
their redeemer

7836 Nevertheless they did flatter him with their mouth and they
lied unto him with their tongues

7837 For their heart was not right with him neither were they
stedfast in his covenant

7838 But he being full of compassion forgave their iniquity and
destroyed them not yea many a time turned he his anger away and did
not stir up all his wrath

7839 For he remembered that they were but flesh a wind that passeth
away and cometh not again

7840 How oft did they provoke him in the wilderness and grieve him
in the desert

7841 Yea they turned back and tempted God and limited the Holy One
of Israel

7842 They remembered not his hand nor the day when he delivered them
from the enemy

7843 How he had wrought his signs in Egypt and his wonders in the
field of Zoan

7844 And had turned their rivers into blood and their floods that
they could not drink

7845 He sent divers sorts of flies among them which devoured them
and frogs which destroyed them

7846 He gave also their increase unto the caterpiller and their
labour unto the locust

7847 He destroyed their vines with hail and their sycomore trees
with frost

7848 He gave up their cattle also to the hail and their flocks to
hot thunderbolts

7849 He cast upon them the fierceness of his anger wrath and
indignation and trouble by sending evil angels among them

7850 He made a way to his anger he spared not their soul from death
but gave their life over to the pestilence

7851 And smote all the firstborn in Egypt the chief of their
strength in the tabernacles of Ham

7852 But made his own people to go forth like sheep and guided them
in the wilderness like a flock

7853 And he led them on safely so that they feared not but the sea
overwhelmed their enemies

7854 And he brought them to the border of his sanctuary even to this
mountain which his right hand had purchased

7855 He cast out the heathen also before them and divided them an
inheritance by line and made the tribes of Israel to dwell in their
tents

7856 Yet they tempted and provoked the most high God and kept not
his testimonies

7857 But turned back and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers they
were turned aside like a deceitful bow

7858 For they provoked him to anger with their high places and moved
him to jealousy with their graven images

7859 When God heard this he was wroth and greatly abhorred Israel

7860 So that he forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh the tent which he
placed among men

7861 And delivered his strength into captivity and his glory into
the enemys hand

7862 He gave his people over also unto the sword and was wroth with
his inheritance

7863 The fire consumed their young men and their maidens were not
given to marriage

7864 Their priests fell by the sword and their widows made no
lamentation

7865 Then the LORD awaked as one out of sleep and like a mighty man
that shouteth by reason of wine

