dedicate it

206 And what man is he that hath planted a vineyard and hath not yet
eaten of it let him also go and return unto his house lest he die in
the battle and another man eat of it

207 And what man is there that hath betrothed a wife and hath not
taken her let him go and return unto his house lest he die in the
battle and another man take her

208 And the officers shall speak further unto the people and they
shall say What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted let him
go and return unto his house lest his brethrens heart faint as well
as his heart

209 And it shall be when the officers have made an end of speaking
unto the people that they shall make captains of the armies to lead
the people

2010 When thou comest nigh unto a city to fight against it then
proclaim peace unto it

2011 And it shall be if it make thee answer of peace and open unto
thee then it shall be that all the people that is found therein
shall be tributaries unto thee and they shall serve thee

2012 And if it will make no peace with thee but will make war
against thee then thou shalt besiege it 2013 And when the LORD thy
God hath delivered it into thine hands thou shalt smite every male
thereof with the edge of the sword 2014 But the women and the
little ones and the cattle and all that is in the city even all the
spoil thereof shalt thou take unto thyself and thou shalt eat the
spoil of thine enemies which the LORD thy God hath given thee

2015 Thus shalt thou do unto all the cities which are very far off
from thee which are not of the cities of these nations

2016 But of the cities of these people which the LORD thy God doth
give thee for an inheritance thou shalt save alive nothing that
breatheth 2017 But thou shalt utterly destroy them namely the
Hittites and the Amorites the Canaanites and the Perizzites the
Hivites and the Jebusites as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee
2018 That they teach you not to do after all their abominations
which they have done unto their gods so should ye sin against the
LORD your God

2019 When thou shalt besiege a city a long time in making war
against it to take it thou shalt not destroy the trees thereof by
forcing an axe against them for thou mayest eat of them and thou
shalt not cut them down for the tree of the field is mans life to
employ them in the siege 2020 Only the trees which thou knowest that
they be not trees for meat thou shalt destroy and cut them down and
thou shalt build bulwarks against the city that maketh war with thee
until it be subdued

211 If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God giveth
thee to possess it lying in the field and it be not known who hath
slain him 212 Then thy elders and thy judges shall come forth and
they shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is
slain 213 And it shall be that the city which is next unto the
slain man even the elders of that city shall take an heifer which
hath not been wrought with and which hath not drawn in the yoke 214
And the elders of that city shall bring down the heifer unto a rough
valley which is neither eared nor sown and shall strike off the
heifers neck there in the valley 215 And the priests the sons of
Levi shall come near for them the LORD thy God hath chosen to
minister unto him and to bless in the name of the LORD and by their
word shall every controversy and every stroke be tried 216 And all
the elders of that city that are next unto the slain man shall wash
their hands over the heifer that is beheaded in the valley 217 And
they shall answer and say Our hands have not shed this blood neither
have our eyes seen it

218 Be merciful O LORD unto thy people Israel whom thou hast
redeemed and lay not innocent blood unto thy people of Israels
charge And the blood shall be forgiven them

219 So shalt thou put away the guilt of innocent blood from among
you when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD

2110 When thou goest forth to war against thine enemies and the LORD
thy God hath delivered them into thine hands and thou hast taken them
captive 2111 And seest among the captives a beautiful woman and
hast a desire unto her that thou wouldest have her to thy wife 2112
Then thou shalt bring her home to thine house and she shall shave her
head and pare her nails 2113 And she shall put the raiment of her
captivity from off her and shall remain in thine house and bewail
her father and her mother a full month and after that thou shalt go
in unto her and be her husband and she shall be thy wife

2114 And it shall be if thou have no delight in her then thou shalt
let her go whither she will but thou shalt not sell her at all for
money thou shalt not make merchandise of her because thou hast
humbled her

2115 If a man have two wives one beloved and another hated and
they have born him children both the beloved and the hated and if
the firstborn son be hers that was hated 2116 Then it shall be when
he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath that he may not make
the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated which is
