7866 And he smote his enemies in the hinder parts he put them to a
perpetual reproach

7867 Moreover he refused the tabernacle of Joseph and chose not the
tribe of Ephraim

7868 But chose the tribe of Judah the mount Zion which he loved

7869 And he built his sanctuary like high palaces like the earth
which he hath established for ever

7870 He chose David also his servant and took him from the
sheepfolds

7871 From following the ewes great with young he brought him to feed
Jacob his people and Israel his inheritance

7872 So he fed them according to the integrity of his heart and
guided them by the skilfulness of his hands



791 O God the heathen are come into thine inheritance thy holy
temple have they defiled they have laid Jerusalem on heaps

792 The dead bodies of thy servants have they given to be meat unto
the fowls of the heaven the flesh of thy saints unto the beasts of
the earth

793 Their blood have they shed like water round about Jerusalem and
there was none to bury them

794 We are become a reproach to our neighbours a scorn and derision
to them that are round about us

795 How long LORD wilt thou be angry for ever shall thy jealousy
burn like fire

796 Pour out thy wrath upon the heathen that have not known thee and
upon the kingdoms that have not called upon thy name

797 For they have devoured Jacob and laid waste his dwelling place

798 O remember not against us former iniquities let thy tender
mercies speedily prevent us for we are brought very low

799 Help us O God of our salvation for the glory of thy name and
deliver us and purge away our sins for thy names sake

7910 Wherefore should the heathen say Where is their God let him be
known among the heathen in our sight by the revenging of the blood of
thy servants which is shed

7911 Let the sighing of the prisoner come before thee according to
the greatness of thy power preserve thou those that are appointed to
die

7912 And render unto our neighbours sevenfold into their bosom their
reproach wherewith they have reproached thee O Lord

7913 So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks
for ever we will shew forth thy praise to all generations



801 Give ear O Shepherd of Israel thou that leadest Joseph like a
flock thou that dwellest between the cherubims shine forth

802 Before Ephraim and Benjamin and Manasseh stir up thy strength
and come and save us

803 Turn us again O God and cause thy face to shine and we shall
be saved

804 O LORD God of hosts how long wilt thou be angry against the
prayer of thy people

805 Thou feedest them with the bread of tears and givest them tears
to drink in great measure

806 Thou makest us a strife unto our neighbours and our enemies
laugh among themselves

807 Turn us again O God of hosts and cause thy face to shine and
we shall be saved

808 Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt thou hast cast out the
heathen and planted it

809 Thou preparedst room before it and didst cause it to take deep
root and it filled the land

8010 The hills were covered with the shadow of it and the boughs
thereof were like the goodly cedars

8011 She sent out her boughs unto the sea and her branches unto the
river

8012 Why hast thou then broken down her hedges so that all they
which pass by the way do pluck her
