shalt plant a vineyard and shalt not gather the grapes thereof

2831 Thine ox shall be slain before thine eyes and thou shalt not
eat thereof thine ass shall be violently taken away from before thy
face and shall not be restored to thee thy sheep shall be given unto
thine enemies and thou shalt have none to rescue them

2832 Thy sons and thy daughters shall be given unto another people
and thine eyes shall look and fail with longing for them all the day
long and there shall be no might in thine hand

2833 The fruit of thy land and all thy labours shall a nation which
thou knowest not eat up and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed
alway 2834 So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes
which thou shalt see

2835 The LORD shall smite thee in the knees and in the legs with a
sore botch that cannot be healed from the sole of thy foot unto the
top of thy head

2836 The LORD shall bring thee and thy king which thou shalt set
over thee unto a nation which neither thou nor thy fathers have
known and there shalt thou serve other gods wood and stone

2837 And thou shalt become an astonishment a proverb and a byword
among all nations whither the LORD shall lead thee

2838 Thou shalt carry much seed out into the field and shalt gather
but little in for the locust shall consume it

2839 Thou shalt plant vineyards and dress them but shalt neither
drink of the wine nor gather the grapes for the worms shall eat
them

2840 Thou shalt have olive trees throughout all thy coasts but thou
shalt not anoint thyself with the oil for thine olive shall cast his
fruit

2841 Thou shalt beget sons and daughters but thou shalt not enjoy
them for they shall go into captivity

2842 All thy trees and fruit of thy land shall the locust consume

2843 The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very
high and thou shalt come down very low

2844 He shall lend to thee and thou shalt not lend to him he shall
be the head and thou shalt be the tail

2845 Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee and shall pursue
thee and overtake thee till thou be destroyed because thou
hearkenedst not unto the voice of the LORD thy God to keep his
commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee 2846 And they
shall be upon thee for a sign and for a wonder and upon thy seed for
ever

2847 Because thou servedst not the LORD thy God with joyfulness and
with gladness of heart for the abundance of all things 2848
Therefore shalt thou serve thine enemies which the LORD shall send
against thee in hunger and in thirst and in nakedness and in want
of all things and he shall put a yoke of iron upon thy neck until he
have destroyed thee

2849 The LORD shall bring a nation against thee from far from the
end of the earth as swift as the eagle flieth a nation whose tongue
thou shalt not understand 2850 A nation of fierce countenance which
shall not regard the person of the old nor shew favour to the young
2851 And he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle and the fruit of thy
land until thou be destroyed which also shall not leave thee either
corn wine or oil or the increase of thy kine or flocks of thy
sheep until he have destroyed thee

2852 And he shall besiege thee in all thy gates until thy high and
fenced walls come down wherein thou trustedst throughout all thy
land and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy
land which the LORD thy God hath given thee

2853 And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body the flesh of thy
sons and of thy daughters which the LORD thy God hath given thee in
the siege and in the straitness wherewith thine enemies shall
distress thee 2854 So that the man that is tender among you and
very delicate his eye shall be evil toward his brother and toward
the wife of his bosom and toward the remnant of his children which he
shall leave 2855 So that he will not give to any of them of the
flesh of his children whom he shall eat because he hath nothing left
him in the siege and in the straitness wherewith thine enemies shall
distress thee in all thy gates

2856 The tender and delicate woman among you which would not
adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness
and tenderness her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom
and toward her son and toward her daughter 2857 And toward her
young one that cometh out from between her feet and toward her
children which she shall bear for she shall eat them for want of all
things secretly in the siege and straitness wherewith thine enemy
shall distress thee in thy gates

2858 If thou wilt not observe to do all the words of this law that
are written in this book that thou mayest fear this glorious and
fearful name THE LORD THY GOD 2859 Then the LORD will make thy
