asps

3234 Is not this laid up in store with me and sealed up among my
treasures  3235 To me belongeth vengeance and recompence their foot
shall slide in due time for the day of their calamity is at hand and
the things that shall come upon them make haste

3236 For the LORD shall judge his people and repent himself for his
servants when he seeth that their power is gone and there is none
shut up or left

3237 And he shall say Where are their gods their rock in whom they
trusted 3238 Which did eat the fat of their sacrifices and drank
the wine of their drink offerings let them rise up and help you and
be your protection

3239 See now that I even I am he and there is no god with me I
kill and I make alive I wound and I heal neither is there any that
can deliver out of my hand

3240 For I lift up my hand to heaven and say I live for ever

3241 If I whet my glittering sword and mine hand take hold on
judgment I will render vengeance to mine enemies and will reward
them that hate me

3242 I will make mine arrows drunk with blood and my sword shall
devour flesh and that with the blood of the slain and of the
captives from the beginning of revenges upon the enemy

3243 Rejoice O ye nations with his people for he will avenge the
blood of his servants and will render vengeance to his adversaries
and will be merciful unto his land and to his people

3244 And Moses came and spake all the words of this song in the ears
of the people he and Hoshea the son of Nun

3245 And Moses made an end of speaking all these words to all Israel
3246 And he said unto them Set your hearts unto all the words which
I testify among you this day which ye shall command your children to
observe to do all the words of this law

3247 For it is not a vain thing for you because it is your life and
through this thing ye shall prolong your days in the land whither ye
go over Jordan to possess it

3248 And the LORD spake unto Moses that selfsame day saying 3249
Get thee up into this mountain Abarim unto mount Nebo which is in
the land of Moab that is over against Jericho and behold the land of
Canaan which I give unto the children of Israel for a possession
3250 And die in the mount whither thou goest up and be gathered unto
thy people as Aaron thy brother died in mount Hor and was gathered
unto his people 3251 Because ye trespassed against me among the
children of Israel at the waters of MeribahKadesh in the wilderness
of Zin because ye sanctified me not in the midst of the children of
Israel

3252 Yet thou shalt see the land before thee but thou shalt not go
thither unto the land which I give the children of Israel

331 And this is the blessing wherewith Moses the man of God blessed
the children of Israel before his death

332 And he said The LORD came from Sinai and rose up from Seir unto
them he shined forth from mount Paran and he came with ten thousands
of saints from his right hand went a fiery law for them

333 Yea he loved the people all his saints are in thy hand and
they sat down at thy feet every one shall receive of thy words

334 Moses commanded us a law even the inheritance of the
congregation of Jacob

335 And he was king in Jeshurun when the heads of the people and the
tribes of Israel were gathered together

336 Let Reuben live and not die and let not his men be few

337 And this is the blessing of Judah and he said Hear LORD the
voice of Judah and bring him unto his people let his hands be
sufficient for him and be thou an help to him from his enemies

338 And of Levi he said Let thy Thummim and thy Urim be with thy
holy one whom thou didst prove at Massah and with whom thou didst
strive at the waters of Meribah 339 Who said unto his father and to
his mother I have not seen him neither did he acknowledge his
brethren nor knew his own children for they have observed thy word
and kept thy covenant

3310 They shall teach Jacob thy judgments and Israel thy law they
shall put incense before thee and whole burnt sacrifice upon thine
altar

3311 Bless LORD his substance and accept the work of his hands
smite through the loins of them that rise against him and of them
that hate him that they rise not again

3312 And of Benjamin he said The beloved of the LORD shall dwell in
safety by him and the Lord shall cover him all the day long and he
shall dwell between his shoulders
