
3313 And of Joseph he said Blessed of the LORD be his land for the
precious things of heaven for the dew and for the deep that coucheth
beneath 3314 And for the precious fruits brought forth by the sun
and for the precious things put forth by the moon 3315 And for the
chief things of the ancient mountains and for the precious things of
the lasting hills 3316 And for the precious things of the earth and
fulness thereof and for the good will of him that dwelt in the bush
let the blessing come upon the head of Joseph and upon the top of the
head of him that was separated from his brethren

3317 His glory is like the firstling of his bullock and his horns
are like the horns of unicorns with them he shall push the people
together to the ends of the earth and they are the ten thousands of
Ephraim and they are the thousands of Manasseh

3318 And of Zebulun he said Rejoice Zebulun in thy going out and
Issachar in thy tents

3319 They shall call the people unto the mountain there they shall
offer sacrifices of righteousness for they shall suck of the
abundance of the seas and of treasures hid in the sand

3320 And of Gad he said Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad he
dwelleth as a lion and teareth the arm with the crown of the head

3321 And he provided the first part for himself because there in a
portion of the lawgiver was he seated and he came with the heads of
the people he executed the justice of the LORD and his judgments
with Israel

3322 And of Dan he said Dan is a lions whelp he shall leap from
Bashan

3323 And of Naphtali he said O Naphtali satisfied with favour and
full with the blessing of the LORD possess thou the west and the
south

3324 And of Asher he said Let Asher be blessed with children let
him be acceptable to his brethren and let him dip his foot in oil

3325 Thy shoes shall be iron and brass and as thy days so shall thy
strength be

3326 There is none like unto the God of Jeshurun who rideth upon the
heaven in thy help and in his excellency on the sky

3327 The eternal God is thy refuge and underneath are the
everlasting arms and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee
and shall say Destroy them

3328 Israel then shall dwell in safety alone the fountain of Jacob
shall be upon a land of corn and wine also his heavens shall drop
down dew

3329 Happy art thou O Israel who is like unto thee O people saved
by the LORD the shield of thy help and who is the sword of thy
excellency and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee and thou
shalt tread upon their high places

341 And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto the mountain of
Nebo to the top of Pisgah that is over against Jericho And the LORD
shewed him all the land of Gilead unto Dan 342 And all Naphtali
and the land of Ephraim and Manasseh and all the land of Judah unto
the utmost sea 343 And the south and the plain of the valley of
Jericho the city of palm trees unto Zoar

344 And the LORD said unto him This is the land which I sware unto
Abraham unto Isaac and unto Jacob saying I will give it unto thy
seed I have caused thee to see it with thine eyes but thou shalt not
go over thither

345 So Moses the servant of the LORD died there in the land of Moab
according to the word of the LORD

346 And he buried him in a valley in the land of Moab over against
Bethpeor but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day

347 And Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died his
eye was not dim nor his natural force abated

348 And the children of Israel wept for Moses in the plains of Moab
thirty days so the days of weeping and mourning for Moses were ended

349 And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom for
Moses had laid his hands upon him and the children of Israel
hearkened unto him and did as the LORD commanded Moses

3410 And there arose not a prophet since in Israel like unto Moses
whom the LORD knew face to face 3411 In all the signs and the
wonders which the LORD sent him to do in the land of Egypt to
Pharaoh and to all his servants and to all his land 3412 And in
all that mighty hand and in all the great terror which Moses shewed
in the sight of all Israel




The Book of Joshua

