
11 Now after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to
pass that the LORD spake unto Joshua the son of Nun Moses minister
saying 12 Moses my servant is dead now therefore arise go over
this Jordan thou and all this people unto the land which I do give
to them even to the children of Israel

13 Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon that have
I given unto you as I said unto Moses

14 From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river
the river Euphrates all the land of the Hittites and unto the great
sea toward the going down of the sun shall be your coast

15 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days
of thy life as I was with Moses so I will be with thee I will not
fail thee nor forsake thee

16 Be strong and of a good courage for unto this people shalt thou
divide for an inheritance the land which I sware unto their fathers
to give them

17 Only be thou strong and very courageous that thou mayest observe
to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee
turn not from it to the right hand or to the left that thou mayest
prosper withersoever thou goest

18 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth but thou
shalt meditate therein day and night that thou mayest observe to do
according to all that is written therein for then thou shalt make thy
way prosperous and then thou shalt have good success

19 Have not I commanded thee Be strong and of a good courage be not
afraid neither be thou dismayed for the LORD thy God is with thee
whithersoever thou goest

110 Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people saying 111
Pass through the host and command the people saying Prepare you
victuals for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan to go
in to possess the land which the LORD your God giveth you to possess
it

112 And to the Reubenites and to the Gadites and to half the tribe
of Manasseh spake Joshua saying 113 Remember the word which Moses
the servant of the LORD commanded you saying The LORD your God hath
given you rest and hath given you this land

114 Your wives your little ones and your cattle shall remain in
the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan but ye shall pass
before your brethren armed all the mighty men of valour and help
them 115 Until the LORD have given your brethren rest as he hath
given you and they also have possessed the land which the LORD your
God giveth them then ye shall return unto the land of your
possession and enjoy it which Moses the LORDs servant gave you on
this side Jordan toward the sunrising

116 And they answered Joshua saying All that thou commandest us we
will do and whithersoever thou sendest us we will go

117 According as we hearkened unto Moses in all things so will we
hearken unto thee only the LORD thy God be with thee as he was with
Moses

118 Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy commandment and will
not hearken unto thy words in all that thou commandest him he shall
be put to death only be strong and of a good courage

21 And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy
secretly saying Go view the land even Jericho And they went and
came into an harlots house named Rahab and lodged there

22 And it was told the king of Jericho saying Behold there came
men in hither to night of the children of Israel to search out the
country

23 And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab saying Bring forth the
men that are come to thee which are entered into thine house for
they be come to search out all the country

24 And the woman took the two men and hid them and said thus There
came men unto me but I wist not whence they were 25 And it came to
pass about the time of shutting of the gate when it was dark that
the men went out whither the men went I wot not pursue after them
quickly for ye shall overtake them

26 But she had brought them up to the roof of the house and hid them
with the stalks of flax which she had laid in order upon the roof

27 And the men pursued after them the way to Jordan unto the fords
and as soon as they which pursued after them were gone out they shut
the gate

28 And before they were laid down she came up unto them upon the
roof 29 And she said unto the men I know that the LORD hath given
you the land and that your terror is fallen upon us and that all the
inhabitants of the land faint because of you

210 For we have heard how the LORD dried up the water of the Red sea
for you when ye came out of Egypt and what ye did unto the two kings
of the Amorites that were on the other side Jordan Sihon and Og
