
8913 Thou hast a mighty arm strong is thy hand and high is thy
right hand

8914 Justice and judgment are the habitation of thy throne mercy and
truth shall go before thy face

8915 Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound they shall
walk O LORD in the light of thy countenance

8916 In thy name shall they rejoice all the day and in thy
righteousness shall they be exalted

8917 For thou art the glory of their strength and in thy favour our
horn shall be exalted

8918 For the LORD is our defence and the Holy One of Israel is our
king

8919 Then thou spakest in vision to thy holy one and saidst I have
laid help upon one that is mighty I have exalted one chosen out of
the people

8920 I have found David my servant with my holy oil have I anointed
him

8921 With whom my hand shall be established mine arm also shall
strengthen him

8922 The enemy shall not exact upon him nor the son of wickedness
afflict him

8923 And I will beat down his foes before his face and plague them
that hate him

8924 But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him and in my
name shall his horn be exalted

8925 I will set his hand also in the sea and his right hand in the
rivers

8926 He shall cry unto me Thou art my father my God and the rock
of my salvation

8927 Also I will make him my firstborn higher than the kings of the
earth

8928 My mercy will I keep for him for evermore and my covenant shall
stand fast with him

8929 His seed also will I make to endure for ever and his throne as
the days of heaven

8930 If his children forsake my law and walk not in my judgments

8931 If they break my statutes and keep not my commandments

8932 Then will I visit their transgression with the rod and their
iniquity with stripes

8933 Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him
nor suffer my faithfulness to fail

8934 My covenant will I not break nor alter the thing that is gone
out of my lips

8935 Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David

8936 His seed shall endure for ever and his throne as the sun before
me

8937 It shall be established for ever as the moon and as a faithful
witness in heaven Selah

8938 But thou hast cast off and abhorred thou hast been wroth with
thine anointed

8939 Thou hast made void the covenant of thy servant thou hast
profaned his crown by casting it to the ground

8940 Thou hast broken down all his hedges thou hast brought his
strong holds to ruin

8941 All that pass by the way spoil him he is a reproach to his
neighbours

8942 Thou hast set up the right hand of his adversaries thou hast
made all his enemies to rejoice

8943 Thou hast also turned the edge of his sword and hast not made
him to stand in the battle

8944 Thou hast made his glory to cease and cast his throne down to
the ground

8945 The days of his youth hast thou shortened thou hast covered him
with shame Selah

8946 How long LORD wilt thou hide thyself for ever shall thy wrath
burn like fire
