
10214 For thy servants take pleasure in her stones and favour the
dust thereof

10215 So the heathen shall fear the name of the LORD and all the
kings of the earth thy glory

10216 When the LORD shall build up Zion he shall appear in his
glory

10217 He will regard the prayer of the destitute and not despise
their prayer

10218 This shall be written for the generation to come and the
people which shall be created shall praise the LORD

10219 For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary from
heaven did the LORD behold the earth

10220 To hear the groaning of the prisoner to loose those that are
appointed to death

10221 To declare the name of the LORD in Zion and his praise in
Jerusalem

10222 When the people are gathered together and the kingdoms to
serve the LORD

10223 He weakened my strength in the way he shortened my days

10224 I said O my God take me not away in the midst of my days thy
years are throughout all generations

10225 Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth and the
heavens are the work of thy hands

10226 They shall perish but thou shalt endure yea all of them
shall wax old like a garment as a vesture shalt thou change them and
they shall be changed

10227 But thou art the same and thy years shall have no end

10228 The children of thy servants shall continue and their seed
shall be established before thee



1031 Bless the LORD O my soul and all that is within me bless his
holy name

1032 Bless the LORD O my soul and forget not all his benefits

1033 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities who healeth all thy
diseases

1034 Who redeemeth thy life from destruction who crowneth thee with
lovingkindness and tender mercies

1035 Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things so that thy youth is
renewed like the eagles

1036 The LORD executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are
oppressed

1037 He made known his ways unto Moses his acts unto the children of
Israel

1038 The LORD is merciful and gracious slow to anger and plenteous
in mercy

1039 He will not always chide neither will he keep his anger for
ever

10310 He hath not dealt with us after our sins nor rewarded us
according to our iniquities

10311 For as the heaven is high above the earth so great is his
mercy toward them that fear him

10312 As far as the east is from the west so far hath he removed our
transgressions from us

10313 Like as a father pitieth his children so the LORD pitieth them
that fear him

10314 For he knoweth our frame he remembereth that we are dust

10315 As for man his days are as grass as a flower of the field so
he flourisheth

10316 For the wind passeth over it and it is gone and the place
thereof shall know it no more

10317 But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting
upon them that fear him and his righteousness unto childrens
children

10318 To such as keep his covenant and to those that remember his
commandments to do them

