1354 For the LORD hath chosen Jacob unto himself and Israel for his
peculiar treasure

1355 For I know that the LORD is great and that our Lord is above
all gods

1356 Whatsoever the LORD pleased that did he in heaven and in
earth in the seas and all deep places

1357 He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth he
maketh lightnings for the rain he bringeth the wind out of his
treasuries

1358 Who smote the firstborn of Egypt both of man and beast

1359 Who sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee O Egypt
upon Pharaoh and upon all his servants

13510 Who smote great nations and slew mighty kings

13511 Sihon king of the Amorites and Og king of Bashan and all the
kingdoms of Canaan

13512 And gave their land for an heritage an heritage unto Israel
his people

13513 Thy name O LORD endureth for ever and thy memorial O LORD
throughout all generations

13514 For the LORD will judge his people and he will repent himself
concerning his servants

13515 The idols of the heathen are silver and gold the work of mens
hands

13516 They have mouths but they speak not eyes have they but they
see not

13517 They have ears but they hear not neither is there any breath
in their mouths

13518 They that make them are like unto them so is every one that
trusteth in them

13519 Bless the LORD O house of Israel bless the LORD O house of
Aaron

13520 Bless the LORD O house of Levi ye that fear the LORD bless
the LORD

13521 Blessed be the LORD out of Zion which dwelleth at Jerusalem

Praise ye the LORD



1361 O give thanks unto the LORD for he is good for his mercy
endureth for ever

1362 O give thanks unto the God of gods for his mercy endureth for
ever

1363 O give thanks to the Lord of lords for his mercy endureth for
ever

1364 To him who alone doeth great wonders for his mercy endureth for
ever

1365 To him that by wisdom made the heavens for his mercy endureth
for ever

1366 To him that stretched out the earth above the waters for his
mercy endureth for ever

1367 To him that made great lights for his mercy endureth for ever

1368 The sun to rule by day for his mercy endureth for ever

1369 The moon and stars to rule by night for his mercy endureth for
ever

13610 To him that smote Egypt in their firstborn for his mercy
endureth for ever

13611 And brought out Israel from among them for his mercy endureth
for ever

13612 With a strong hand and with a stretched out arm for his mercy
endureth for ever

13613 To him which divided the Red sea into parts for his mercy
endureth for ever

13614 And made Israel to pass through the midst of it for his mercy
endureth for ever

13615 But overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea for his
mercy endureth for ever

13616 To him which led his people through the wilderness for his
