Pharaoh shall speak unto you saying Shew a miracle for you then
thou shalt say unto Aaron Take thy rod and cast it before Pharaoh
and it shall become a serpent

710 And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh and they did so as the
LORD had commanded and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh and
before his servants and it became a serpent

711 Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers now the
magicians of Egypt they also did in like manner with their
enchantments

712 For they cast down every man his rod and they became serpents
but Aarons rod swallowed up their rods

713 And he hardened Pharaohs heart that he hearkened not unto them
as the LORD had said

714 And the LORD said unto Moses Pharaohs heart is hardened he
refuseth to let the people go

715 Get thee unto Pharaoh in the morning lo he goeth out unto the
water and thou shalt stand by the rivers brink against he come and
the rod which was turned to a serpent shalt thou take in thine hand

716 And thou shalt say unto him The LORD God of the Hebrews hath
sent me unto thee saying Let my people go that they may serve me in
the wilderness and behold hitherto thou wouldest not hear

717 Thus saith the LORD In this thou shalt know that I am the LORD
behold I will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the waters
which are in the river and they shall be turned to blood

718 And the fish that is in the river shall die and the river shall
stink and the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the water of the
river

719 And the LORD spake unto Moses Say unto Aaron Take thy rod and
stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt upon their streams
upon their rivers and upon their ponds and upon all their pools of
water that they may become blood and that there may be blood
throughout all the land of Egypt both in vessels of wood and in
vessels of stone

720 And Moses and Aaron did so as the LORD commanded and he lifted
up the rod and smote the waters that were in the river in the sight
of Pharaoh and in the sight of his servants and all the waters that
were in the river were turned to blood

721 And the fish that was in the river died and the river stank and
the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river and there was
blood throughout all the land of Egypt

722 And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments and
Pharaohs heart was hardened neither did he hearken unto them as the
LORD had said

723 And Pharaoh turned and went into his house neither did he set
his heart to this also

724 And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to
drink for they could not drink of the water of the river

725 And seven days were fulfilled after that the LORD had smitten
the river

81 And the LORD spake unto Moses Go unto Pharaoh and say unto him
Thus saith the LORD Let my people go that they may serve me

82 And if thou refuse to let them go behold I will smite all thy
borders with frogs 83 And the river shall bring forth frogs
abundantly which shall go up and come into thine house and into thy
bedchamber and upon thy bed and into the house of thy servants and
upon thy people and into thine ovens and into thy kneadingtroughs
84 And the frogs shall come up both on thee and upon thy people and
upon all thy servants

85 And the LORD spake unto Moses Say unto Aaron Stretch forth thine
hand with thy rod over the streams over the rivers and over the
ponds and cause frogs to come up upon the land of Egypt

86 And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt and the
frogs came up and covered the land of Egypt

87 And the magicians did so with their enchantments and brought up
frogs upon the land of Egypt

88 Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron and said Intreat the
LORD that he may take away the frogs from me and from my people and
I will let the people go that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD

89 And Moses said unto Pharaoh Glory over me when shall I intreat
for thee and for thy servants and for thy people to destroy the
frogs from thee and thy houses that they may remain in the river
only  810 And he said To morrow And he said Be it according to
thy word that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD
our God

811 And the frogs shall depart from thee and from thy houses and
from thy servants and from thy people they shall remain in the river
