14518 The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him to all that
call upon him in truth

14519 He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him he also will
hear their cry and will save them

14520 The LORD preserveth all them that love him but all the wicked
will he destroy

14521 My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD and let all flesh
bless his holy name for ever and ever



1461 Praise ye the LORD Praise the LORD O my soul

1462 While I live will I praise the LORD I will sing praises unto my
God while I have any being

1463 Put not your trust in princes nor in the son of man in whom
there is no help

1464 His breath goeth forth he returneth to his earth in that very
day his thoughts perish

1465 Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help whose hope
is in the LORD his God

1466 Which made heaven and earth the sea and all that therein is
which keepeth truth for ever

1467 Which executeth judgment for the oppressed which giveth food to
the hungry The LORD looseth the prisoners

1468 The LORD openeth the eyes of the blind the LORD raiseth them
that are bowed down the LORD loveth the righteous

1469 The LORD preserveth the strangers he relieveth the fatherless
and widow but the way of the wicked he turneth upside down

14610 The LORD shall reign for ever even thy God O Zion unto all
generations Praise ye the LORD



1471 Praise ye the LORD for it is good to sing praises unto our God
for it is pleasant and praise is comely

1472 The LORD doth build up Jerusalem he gathereth together the
outcasts of Israel

1473 He healeth the broken in heart and bindeth up their wounds

1474 He telleth the number of the stars he calleth them all by their
names

1475 Great is our Lord and of great power his understanding is
infinite

1476 The LORD lifteth up the meek he casteth the wicked down to the
ground

1477 Sing unto the LORD with thanksgiving sing praise upon the harp
unto our God

1478 Who covereth the heaven with clouds who prepareth rain for the
earth who maketh grass to grow upon the mountains

1479 He giveth to the beast his food and to the young ravens which
cry

14710 He delighteth not in the strength of the horse he taketh not
pleasure in the legs of a man

14711 The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him in those that
hope in his mercy

14712 Praise the LORD O Jerusalem praise thy God O Zion

14713 For he hath strengthened the bars of thy gates he hath blessed
thy children within thee

14714 He maketh peace in thy borders and filleth thee with the
finest of the wheat

14715 He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth his word runneth
very swiftly

14716 He giveth snow like wool he scattereth the hoarfrost like
ashes

14717 He casteth forth his ice like morsels who can stand before his
cold

14718 He sendeth out his word and melteth them he causeth his wind
to blow and the waters flow

14719 He sheweth his word unto Jacob his statutes and his judgments
unto Israel

