72 Keep my commandments and live and my law as the apple of thine
eye

73 Bind them upon thy fingers write them upon the table of thine
heart

74 Say unto wisdom Thou art my sister and call understanding thy
kinswoman 75 That they may keep thee from the strange woman from
the stranger which flattereth with her words

76 For at the window of my house I looked through my casement 77
And beheld among the simple ones I discerned among the youths a
young man void of understanding 78 Passing through the street near
her corner and he went the way to her house 79 In the twilight in
the evening in the black and dark night 710 And behold there met
him a woman with the attire of an harlot and subtil of heart

711 She is loud and stubborn her feet abide not in her house 712
Now is she without now in the streets and lieth in wait at every
corner  713 So she caught him and kissed him and with an impudent
face said unto him 714 I have peace offerings with me this day have
I payed my vows

715 Therefore came I forth to meet thee diligently to seek thy face
and I have found thee

716 I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry with carved
works with fine linen of Egypt

717 I have perfumed my bed with myrrh aloes and cinnamon

718 Come let us take our fill of love until the morning let us
solace ourselves with loves

719 For the goodman is not at home he is gone a long journey 720
He hath taken a bag of money with him and will come home at the day
appointed

721 With her much fair speech she caused him to yield with the
flattering of her lips she forced him

722 He goeth after her straightway as an ox goeth to the slaughter
or as a fool to the correction of the stocks 723 Till a dart strike
through his liver as a bird hasteth to the snare and knoweth not
that it is for his life

724 Hearken unto me now therefore O ye children and attend to the
words of my mouth

725 Let not thine heart decline to her ways go not astray in her
paths

726 For she hath cast down many wounded yea many strong men have
been slain by her

727 Her house is the way to hell going down to the chambers of
death

81 Doth not wisdom cry and understanding put forth her voice  82
She standeth in the top of high places by the way in the places of
the paths

83 She crieth at the gates at the entry of the city at the coming
in at the doors

84 Unto you O men I call and my voice is to the sons of man

85 O ye simple understand wisdom and ye fools be ye of an
understanding heart

86 Hear for I will speak of excellent things and the opening of my
lips shall be right things

87 For my mouth shall speak truth and wickedness is an abomination
to my lips

88 All the words of my mouth are in righteousness there is nothing
froward or perverse in them

89 They are all plain to him that understandeth and right to them
that find knowledge

810 Receive my instruction and not silver and knowledge rather than
choice gold

811 For wisdom is better than rubies and all the things that may be
desired are not to be compared to it

812 I wisdom dwell with prudence and find out knowledge of witty
inventions

813 The fear of the LORD is to hate evil pride and arrogancy and
the evil way and the froward mouth do I hate

814 Counsel is mine and sound wisdom I am understanding I have
strength

815 By me kings reign and princes decree justice

816 By me princes rule and nobles even all the judges of the earth
