1314 The law of the wise is a fountain of life to depart from the
snares of death

1315 Good understanding giveth favour but the way of transgressors
is hard

1316 Every prudent man dealeth with knowledge but a fool layeth open
his folly

1317 A wicked messenger falleth into mischief but a faithful
ambassador is health

1318 Poverty and shame shall be to him that refuseth instruction but
he that regardeth reproof shall be honoured

1319 The desire accomplished is sweet to the soul but it is
abomination to fools to depart from evil

1320 He that walketh with wise men shall be wise but a companion of
fools shall be destroyed

1321 Evil pursueth sinners but to the righteous good shall be
repayed

1322 A good man leaveth an inheritance to his childrens children
and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just

1323 Much food is in the tillage of the poor but there is that is
destroyed for want of judgment

1324 He that spareth his rod hateth his son but he that loveth him
chasteneth him betimes

1325 The righteous eateth to the satisfying of his soul but the
belly of the wicked shall want

141 Every wise woman buildeth her house but the foolish plucketh it
down with her hands

142 He that walketh in his uprightness feareth the LORD but he that
is perverse in his ways despiseth him

143 In the mouth of the foolish is a rod of pride but the lips of
the wise shall preserve them

144 Where no oxen are the crib is clean but much increase is by the
strength of the ox

145 A faithful witness will not lie but a false witness will utter
lies

146 A scorner seeketh wisdom and findeth it not but knowledge is
easy unto him that understandeth

147 Go from the presence of a foolish man when thou perceivest not
in him the lips of knowledge

148 The wisdom of the prudent is to understand his way but the folly
of fools is deceit

149 Fools make a mock at sin but among the righteous there is
favour

1410 The heart knoweth his own bitterness and a stranger doth not
intermeddle with his joy

1411 The house of the wicked shall be overthrown but the tabernacle
of the upright shall flourish

1412 There is a way which seemeth right unto a man but the end
thereof are the ways of death

1413 Even in laughter the heart is sorrowful and the end of that
mirth is heaviness

1414 The backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways and a
good man shall be satisfied from himself

1415 The simple believeth every word but the prudent man looketh
well to his going

1416 A wise man feareth and departeth from evil but the fool
rageth and is confident

1417 He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly and a man of wicked
devices is hated

1418 The simple inherit folly but the prudent are crowned with
knowledge

1419 The evil bow before the good and the wicked at the gates of the
righteous

1420 The poor is hated even of his own neighbour but the rich hath
many friends

1421 He that despiseth his neighbour sinneth but he that hath mercy
on the poor happy is he

1422 Do they not err that devise evil but mercy and truth shall be
