to them that devise good

1423 In all labour there is profit but the talk of the lips tendeth
only to penury

1424 The crown of the wise is their riches but the foolishness of
fools is folly

1425 A true witness delivereth souls but a deceitful witness
speaketh lies

1426 In the fear of the LORD is strong confidence and his children
shall have a place of refuge

1427 The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life to depart from the
snares of death

1428 In the multitude of people is the kings honour but in the want
of people is the destruction of the prince

1429 He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding but he that
is hasty of spirit exalteth folly

1430 A sound heart is the life of the flesh but envy the rottenness
of the bones

1431 He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth his Maker but he that
honoureth him hath mercy on the poor

1432 The wicked is driven away in his wickedness but the righteous
hath hope in his death

1433 Wisdom resteth in the heart of him that hath understanding but
that which is in the midst of fools is made known

1434 Righteousness exalteth a nation but sin is a reproach to any
people

1435 The kings favour is toward a wise servant but his wrath is
against him that causeth shame

151 A soft answer turneth away wrath but grievous words stir up
anger

152 The tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright but the mouth of
fools poureth out foolishness

153 The eyes of the LORD are in every place beholding the evil and
the good

154 A wholesome tongue is a tree of life but perverseness therein is
a breach in the spirit

155 A fool despiseth his fathers instruction but he that regardeth
reproof is prudent

156 In the house of the righteous is much treasure but in the
revenues of the wicked is trouble

157 The lips of the wise disperse knowledge but the heart of the
foolish doeth not so

158 The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD but
the prayer of the upright is his delight

159 The way of the wicked is an abomination unto the LORD but he
loveth him that followeth after righteousness

1510 Correction is grievous unto him that forsaketh the way and he
that hateth reproof shall die

1511 Hell and destruction are before the LORD how much more then the
hearts of the children of men  1512 A scorner loveth not one that
reproveth him neither will he go unto the wise

1513 A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance but by sorrow of
the heart the spirit is broken

1514 The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge but
the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness

1515 All the days of the afflicted are evil but he that is of a
merry heart hath a continual feast

1516 Better is little with the fear of the LORD than great treasure
and trouble therewith

1517 Better is a dinner of herbs where love is than a stalled ox and
hatred therewith

1518 A wrathful man stirreth up strife but he that is slow to anger
appeaseth strife

1519 The way of the slothful man is as an hedge of thorns but the
way of the righteous is made plain

1520 A wise son maketh a glad father but a foolish man despiseth his
mother

1521 Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom but a man of
