fool are in the ends of the earth

1725 A foolish son is a grief to his father and bitterness to her
that bare him

1726 Also to punish the just is not good nor to strike princes for
equity

1727 He that hath knowledge spareth his words and a man of
understanding is of an excellent spirit

1728 Even a fool when he holdeth his peace is counted wise and he
that shutteth his lips is esteemed a man of understanding

181 Through desire a man having separated himself seeketh and
intermeddleth with all wisdom

182 A fool hath no delight in understanding but that his heart may
discover itself

183 When the wicked cometh then cometh also contempt and with
ignominy reproach

184 The words of a mans mouth are as deep waters and the wellspring
of wisdom as a flowing brook

185 It is not good to accept the person of the wicked to overthrow
the righteous in judgment

186 A fools lips enter into contention and his mouth calleth for
strokes

187 A fools mouth is his destruction and his lips are the snare of
his soul

188 The words of a talebearer are as wounds and they go down into
the innermost parts of the belly

189 He also that is slothful in his work is brother to him that is a
great waster

1810 The name of the LORD is a strong tower the righteous runneth
into it and is safe

1811 The rich mans wealth is his strong city and as an high wall in
his own conceit

1812 Before destruction the heart of man is haughty and before
honour is humility

1813 He that answereth a matter before he heareth it it is folly and
shame unto him

1814 The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity but a wounded
spirit who can bear  1815 The heart of the prudent getteth
knowledge and the ear of the wise seeketh knowledge

1816 A mans gift maketh room for him and bringeth him before great
men

1817 He that is first in his own cause seemeth just but his
neighbour cometh and searcheth him

1818 The lot causeth contentions to cease and parteth between the
mighty

1819 A brother offended is harder to be won than a strong city and
their contentions are like the bars of a castle

1820 A mans belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth
and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled

1821 Death and life are in the power of the tongue and they that
love it shall eat the fruit thereof

1822 Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing and obtaineth favour
of the LORD

1823 The poor useth intreaties but the rich answereth roughly

1824 A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly and there is
a friend that sticketh closer than a brother

191 Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity than he that is
perverse in his lips and is a fool

192 Also that the soul be without knowledge it is not good and he
that hasteth with his feet sinneth

193 The foolishness of man perverteth his way and his heart fretteth
against the LORD

194 Wealth maketh many friends but the poor is separated from his
neighbour

195 A false witness shall not be unpunished and he that speaketh
lies shall not escape

196 Many will intreat the favour of the prince and every man is a
friend to him that giveth gifts
