
197 All the brethren of the poor do hate him how much more do his
friends go far from him he pursueth them with words yet they are
wanting to him

198 He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul he that keepeth
understanding shall find good

199 A false witness shall not be unpunished and he that speaketh
lies shall perish

1910 Delight is not seemly for a fool much less for a servant to
have rule over princes

1911 The discretion of a man deferreth his anger and it is his glory
to pass over a transgression

1912 The kings wrath is as the roaring of a lion but his favour is
as dew upon the grass

1913 A foolish son is the calamity of his father and the contentions
of a wife are a continual dropping

1914 House and riches are the inheritance of fathers and a prudent
wife is from the LORD

1915 Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep and an idle soul shall
suffer hunger

1916 He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul but he
that despiseth his ways shall die

1917 He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the LORD and that
which he hath given will he pay him again

1918 Chasten thy son while there is hope and let not thy soul spare
for his crying

1919 A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment for if thou
deliver him yet thou must do it again

1920 Hear counsel and receive instruction that thou mayest be wise
in thy latter end

1921 There are many devices in a mans heart nevertheless the
counsel of the LORD that shall stand

1922 The desire of a man is his kindness and a poor man is better
than a liar

1923 The fear of the LORD tendeth to life and he that hath it shall
abide satisfied he shall not be visited with evil

1924 A slothful man hideth his hand in his bosom and will not so
much as bring it to his mouth again

1925 Smite a scorner and the simple will beware and reprove one
that hath understanding and he will understand knowledge

1926 He that wasteth his father and chaseth away his mother is a
son that causeth shame and bringeth reproach

1927 Cease my son to hear the instruction that causeth to err from
the words of knowledge

1928 An ungodly witness scorneth judgment and the mouth of the
wicked devoureth iniquity

1929 Judgments are prepared for scorners and stripes for the back of
fools

201 Wine is a mocker strong drink is raging and whosoever is
deceived thereby is not wise

202 The fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion whoso provoketh
him to anger sinneth against his own soul

203 It is an honour for a man to cease from strife but every fool
will be meddling

204 The sluggard will not plow by reason of the cold therefore shall
he beg in harvest and have nothing

205 Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water but a man of
understanding will draw it out

206 Most men will proclaim every one his own goodness but a faithful
man who can find  207 The just man walketh in his integrity his
children are blessed after him

208 A king that sitteth in the throne of judgment scattereth away all
evil with his eyes

209 Who can say I have made my heart clean I am pure from my sin
2010 Divers weights and divers measures both of them are alike
abomination to the LORD

2011 Even a child is known by his doings whether his work be pure
and whether it be right

