2012 The hearing ear and the seeing eye the LORD hath made even
both of them

2013 Love not sleep lest thou come to poverty open thine eyes and
thou shalt be satisfied with bread

2014 It is naught it is naught saith the buyer but when he is gone
his way then he boasteth

2015 There is gold and a multitude of rubies but the lips of
knowledge are a precious jewel

2016 Take his garment that is surety for a stranger and take a
pledge of him for a strange woman

2017 Bread of deceit is sweet to a man but afterwards his mouth
shall be filled with gravel

2018 Every purpose is established by counsel and with good advice
make war

2019 He that goeth about as a talebearer revealeth secrets therefore
meddle not with him that flattereth with his lips

2020 Whoso curseth his father or his mother his lamp shall be put
out in obscure darkness

2021 An inheritance may be gotten hastily at the beginning but the
end thereof shall not be blessed

2022 Say not thou I will recompense evil but wait on the LORD and
he shall save thee

2023 Divers weights are an abomination unto the LORD and a false
balance is not good

2024 Mans goings are of the LORD how can a man then understand his
own way  2025 It is a snare to the man who devoureth that which is
holy and after vows to make enquiry

2026 A wise king scattereth the wicked and bringeth the wheel over
them

2027 The spirit of man is the candle of the LORD searching all the
inward parts of the belly

2028 Mercy and truth preserve the king and his throne is upholden by
mercy

2029 The glory of young men is their strength and the beauty of old
men is the grey head

2030 The blueness of a wound cleanseth away evil so do stripes the
inward parts of the belly

211 The kings heart is in the hand of the LORD as the rivers of
water he turneth it whithersoever he will

212 Every way of a man is right in his own eyes but the LORD
pondereth the hearts

213 To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the LORD than
sacrifice

214 An high look and a proud heart and the plowing of the wicked
is sin

215 The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenteousness but of
every one that is hasty only to want

216 The getting of treasures by a lying tongue is a vanity tossed to
and fro of them that seek death

217 The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them because they refuse
to do judgment

218 The way of man is froward and strange but as for the pure his
work is right

219 It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop than with a
brawling woman in a wide house

2110 The soul of the wicked desireth evil his neighbour findeth no
favour in his eyes

2111 When the scorner is punished the simple is made wise and when
the wise is instructed he receiveth knowledge

2112 The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked
but God overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness

2113 Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor he also shall
cry himself but shall not be heard

2114 A gift in secret pacifieth anger and a reward in the bosom
strong wrath

2115 It is joy to the just to do judgment but destruction shall be
to the workers of iniquity

