1217 And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread for in this
selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt
therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an
ordinance for ever

1218 In the first month on the fourteenth day of the month at even
ye shall eat unleavened bread until the one and twentieth day of the
month at even

1219 Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses for
whosoever eateth that which is leavened even that soul shall be cut
off from the congregation of Israel whether he be a stranger or born
in the land

1220 Ye shall eat nothing leavened in all your habitations shall ye
eat unleavened bread

1221 Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel and said unto
them Draw out and take you a lamb according to your families and
kill the passover

1222 And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop and dip it in the blood
that is in the bason and strike the lintel and the two side posts
with the blood that is in the bason and none of you shall go out at
the door of his house until the morning

1223 For the LORD will pass through to smite the Egyptians and when
he seeth the blood upon the lintel and on the two side posts the
LORD will pass over the door and will not suffer the destroyer to
come in unto your houses to smite you

1224 And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to
thy sons for ever

1225 And it shall come to pass when ye be come to the land which the
LORD will give you according as he hath promised that ye shall keep
this service

1226 And it shall come to pass when your children shall say unto
you What mean ye by this service  1227 That ye shall say It is the
sacrifice of the LORDs passover who passed over the houses of the
children of Israel in Egypt when he smote the Egyptians and
delivered our houses And the people bowed the head and worshipped

1228 And the children of Israel went away and did as the LORD had
commanded Moses and Aaron so did they

1229 And it came to pass that at midnight the LORD smote all the
firstborn in the land of Egypt from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat
on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the
dungeon and all the firstborn of cattle

1230 And Pharaoh rose up in the night he and all his servants and
all the Egyptians and there was a great cry in Egypt for there was
not a house where there was not one dead

1231 And he called for Moses and Aaron by night and said Rise up
and get you forth from among my people both ye and the children of
Israel and go serve the LORD as ye have said

1232 Also take your flocks and your herds as ye have said and be
gone and bless me also

1233 And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people that they might
send them out of the land in haste for they said We be all dead men

1234 And the people took their dough before it was leavened their
kneadingtroughs being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders

1235 And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses
and they borrowed of the Egyptians jewels of silver and jewels of
gold and raiment 1236 And the LORD gave the people favour in the
sight of the Egyptians so that they lent unto them such things as
they required And they spoiled the Egyptians

1237 And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to Succoth
about six hundred thousand on foot that were men beside children

1238 And a mixed multitude went up also with them and flocks and
herds even very much cattle

1239 And they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought
forth out of Egypt for it was not leavened because they were thrust
out of Egypt and could not tarry neither had they prepared for
themselves any victual

1240 Now the sojourning of the children of Israel who dwelt in
Egypt was four hundred and thirty years

1241 And it came to pass at the end of the four hundred and thirty
years even the selfsame day it came to pass that all the hosts of
the LORD went out from the land of Egypt

1242 It is a night to be much observed unto the LORD for bringing
them out from the land of Egypt this is that night of the LORD to be
observed of all the children of Israel in their generations

1243 And the LORD said unto Moses and Aaron This is the ordinance of
the passover There shall no stranger eat thereof 1244 But every
mans servant that is bought for money when thou hast circumcised
