mistress as with the buyer so with the seller as with the lender
so with the borrower as with the taker of usury so with the giver of
usury to him

243 The land shall be utterly emptied and utterly spoiled for the
LORD hath spoken this word

244 The earth mourneth and fadeth away the world languisheth and
fadeth away the haughty people of the earth do languish

245 The earth also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof because
they have transgressed the laws changed the ordinance broken the
everlasting covenant

246 Therefore hath the curse devoured the earth and they that dwell
therein are desolate therefore the inhabitants of the earth are
burned and few men left

247 The new wine mourneth the vine languisheth all the merryhearted
do sigh

248 The mirth of tabrets ceaseth the noise of them that rejoice
endeth the joy of the harp ceaseth

249 They shall not drink wine with a song strong drink shall be
bitter to them that drink it

2410 The city of confusion is broken down every house is shut up
that no man may come in

2411 There is a crying for wine in the streets all joy is darkened
the mirth of the land is gone

2412 In the city is left desolation and the gate is smitten with
destruction

2413 When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people
there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree and as the gleaning
grapes when the vintage is done

2414 They shall lift up their voice they shall sing for the majesty
of the LORD they shall cry aloud from the sea

2415 Wherefore glorify ye the LORD in the fires even the name of the
LORD God of Israel in the isles of the sea

2416 From the uttermost part of the earth have we heard songs even
glory to the righteous But I said My leanness my leanness woe unto
me the treacherous dealers have dealt treacherously yea the
treacherous dealers have dealt very treacherously

2417 Fear and the pit and the snare are upon thee O inhabitant of
the earth

2418 And it shall come to pass that he who fleeth from the noise of
the fear shall fall into the pit and he that cometh up out of the
midst of the pit shall be taken in the snare for the windows from on
high are open and the foundations of the earth do shake

2419 The earth is utterly broken down the earth is clean dissolved
the earth is moved exceedingly

2420 The earth shall reel to and fro like a drunkard and shall be
removed like a cottage and the transgression thereof shall be heavy
upon it and it shall fall and not rise again

2421 And it shall come to pass in that day that the LORD shall
punish the host of the high ones that are on high and the kings of
the earth upon the earth

2422 And they shall be gathered together as prisoners are gathered
in the pit and shall be shut up in the prison and after many days
shall they be visited

2423 Then the moon shall be confounded and the sun ashamed when the
LORD of hosts shall reign in mount Zion and in Jerusalem and before
his ancients gloriously

251 O Lord thou art my God I will exalt thee I will praise thy
name for thou hast done wonderful things thy counsels of old are
faithfulness and truth

252 For thou hast made of a city an heap of a defenced city a ruin
a palace of strangers to be no city it shall never be built

253 Therefore shall the strong people glorify thee the city of the
terrible nations shall fear thee

254 For thou hast been a strength to the poor a strength to the
needy in his distress a refuge from the storm a shadow from the
heat when the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the
wall

255 Thou shalt bring down the noise of strangers as the heat in a
dry place even the heat with the shadow of a cloud the branch of the
terrible ones shall be brought low

256 And in this mountain shall the LORD of hosts make unto all people
a feast of fat things a feast of wines on the lees of fat things
full of marrow of wines on the lees well refined
