not see a fierce people a people of a deeper speech than thou canst
perceive of a stammering tongue that thou canst not understand

3320 Look upon Zion the city of our solemnities thine eyes shall
see Jerusalem a quiet habitation a tabernacle that shall not be taken
down not one of the stakes thereof shall ever be removed neither
shall any of the cords thereof be broken

3321 But there the glorious LORD will be unto us a place of broad
rivers and streams wherein shall go no galley with oars neither
shall gallant ship pass thereby

3322 For the LORD is our judge the LORD is our lawgiver the LORD is
our king he will save us

3323 Thy tacklings are loosed they could not well strengthen their
mast they could not spread the sail then is the prey of a great
spoil divided the lame take the prey

3324 And the inhabitant shall not say I am sick the people that
dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity

341 Come near ye nations to hear and hearken ye people let the
earth hear and all that is therein the world and all things that
come forth of it

342 For the indignation of the LORD is upon all nations and his fury
upon all their armies he hath utterly destroyed them he hath
delivered them to the slaughter

343 Their slain also shall be cast out and their stink shall come up
out of their carcases and the mountains shall be melted with their
blood

344 And all the host of heaven shall be dissolved and the heavens
shall be rolled together as a scroll and all their host shall fall
down as the leaf falleth off from the vine and as a falling fig from
the fig tree

345 For my sword shall be bathed in heaven behold it shall come
down upon Idumea and upon the people of my curse to judgment

346 The sword of the LORD is filled with blood it is made fat with
fatness and with the blood of lambs and goats with the fat of the
kidneys of rams for the LORD hath a sacrifice in Bozrah and a great
slaughter in the land of Idumea

347 And the unicorns shall come down with them and the bullocks with
the bulls and their land shall be soaked with blood and their dust
made fat with fatness

348 For it is the day of the LORDs vengeance and the year of
recompences for the controversy of Zion

349 And the streams thereof shall be turned into pitch and the dust
thereof into brimstone and the land thereof shall become burning
pitch

3410 It shall not be quenched night nor day the smoke thereof shall
go up for ever from generation to generation it shall lie waste none
shall pass through it for ever and ever

3411 But the cormorant and the bittern shall possess it the owl also
and the raven shall dwell in it and he shall stretch out upon it the
line of confusion and the stones of emptiness

3412 They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom but none
shall be there and all her princes shall be nothing

3413 And thorns shall come up in her palaces nettles and brambles in
the fortresses thereof and it shall be an habitation of dragons and
a court for owls

3414 The wild beasts of the desert shall also meet with the wild
beasts of the island and the satyr shall cry to his fellow the
screech owl also shall rest there and find for herself a place of
rest

3415 There shall the great owl make her nest and lay and hatch and
gather under her shadow there shall the vultures also be gathered
every one with her mate

3416 Seek ye out of the book of the LORD and read no one of these
shall fail none shall want her mate for my mouth it hath commanded
and his spirit it hath gathered them

3417 And he hath cast the lot for them and his hand hath divided it
unto them by line they shall possess it for ever from generation to
generation shall they dwell therein

351 The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them and
the desert shall rejoice and blossom as the rose

352 It shall blossom abundantly and rejoice even with joy and
singing the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it the excellency
of Carmel and Sharon they shall see the glory of the LORD and the
excellency of our God

353 Strengthen ye the weak hands and confirm the feeble knees

