4222 But this is a people robbed and spoiled they are all of them
snared in holes and they are hid in prison houses they are for a
prey and none delivereth for a spoil and none saith Restore

4223 Who among you will give ear to this who will hearken and hear
for the time to come  4224 Who gave Jacob for a spoil and Israel to
the robbers did not the LORD he against whom we have sinned for
they would not walk in his ways neither were they obedient unto his
law

4225 Therefore he hath poured upon him the fury of his anger and the
strength of battle and it hath set him on fire round about yet he
knew not and it burned him yet he laid it not to heart

431 But now thus saith the LORD that created thee O Jacob and he
that formed thee O Israel Fear not for I have redeemed thee I have
called thee by thy name thou art mine

432 When thou passest through the waters I will be with thee and
through the rivers they shall not overflow thee when thou walkest
through the fire thou shalt not be burned neither shall the flame
kindle upon thee

433 For I am the LORD thy God the Holy One of Israel thy Saviour I
gave Egypt for thy ransom Ethiopia and Seba for thee

434 Since thou wast precious in my sight thou hast been honourable
and I have loved thee therefore will I give men for thee and people
for thy life

435 Fear not for I am with thee I will bring thy seed from the
east and gather thee from the west 436 I will say to the north
Give up and to the south Keep not back bring my sons from far and
my daughters from the ends of the earth 437 Even every one that is
called by my name for I have created him for my glory I have formed
him yea I have made him

438 Bring forth the blind people that have eyes and the deaf that
have ears

439 Let all the nations be gathered together and let the people be
assembled who among them can declare this and shew us former things
let them bring forth their witnesses that they may be justified or
let them hear and say It is truth

4310 Ye are my witnesses saith the LORD and my servant whom I have
chosen that ye may know and believe me and understand that I am he
before me there was no God formed neither shall there be after me

4311 I even I am the LORD and beside me there is no saviour

4312 I have declared and have saved and I have shewed when there
was no strange god among you therefore ye are my witnesses saith the
LORD that I am God

4313 Yea before the day was I am he and there is none that can
deliver out of my hand I will work and who shall let it  4314 Thus
saith the LORD your redeemer the Holy One of Israel For your sake I
have sent to Babylon and have brought down all their nobles and the
Chaldeans whose cry is in the ships

4315 I am the LORD your Holy One the creator of Israel your King

4316 Thus saith the LORD which maketh a way in the sea and a path
in the mighty waters 4317 Which bringeth forth the chariot and
horse the army and the power they shall lie down together they
shall not rise they are extinct they are quenched as tow

4318 Remember ye not the former things neither consider the things
of old

4319 Behold I will do a new thing now it shall spring forth shall
ye not know it I will even make a way in the wilderness and rivers
in the desert

4320 The beast of the field shall honour me the dragons and the
owls because I give waters in the wilderness and rivers in the
desert to give drink to my people my chosen

4321 This people have I formed for myself they shall shew forth my
praise

4322 But thou hast not called upon me O Jacob but thou hast been
weary of me O Israel

4323 Thou hast not brought me the small cattle of thy burnt
offerings neither hast thou honoured me with thy sacrifices I have
not caused thee to serve with an offering nor wearied thee with
incense

4324 Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money neither hast thou
filled me with the fat of thy sacrifices but thou hast made me to
serve with thy sins thou hast wearied me with thine iniquities

4325 I even I am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine
own sake and will not remember thy sins

4326 Put me in remembrance let us plead together declare thou that
thou mayest be justified

