
5718 I have seen his ways and will heal him I will lead him also
and restore comforts unto him and to his mourners

5719 I create the fruit of the lips Peace peace to him that is far
off and to him that is near saith the LORD and I will heal him

5720 But the wicked are like the troubled sea when it cannot rest
whose waters cast up mire and dirt

5721 There is no peace saith my God to the wicked

581 Cry aloud spare not lift up thy voice like a trumpet and shew
my people their transgression and the house of Jacob their sins

582 Yet they seek me daily and delight to know my ways as a nation
that did righteousness and forsook not the ordinance of their God
they ask of me the ordinances of justice they take delight in
approaching to God

583 Wherefore have we fasted say they and thou seest not wherefore
have we afflicted our soul and thou takest no knowledge Behold in
the day of your fast ye find pleasure and exact all your labours

584 Behold ye fast for strife and debate and to smite with the fist
of wickedness ye shall not fast as ye do this day to make your voice
to be heard on high

585 Is it such a fast that I have chosen a day for a man to afflict
his soul is it to bow down his head as a bulrush and to spread
sackcloth and ashes under him wilt thou call this a fast and an
acceptable day to the LORD  586 Is not this the fast that I have
chosen to loose the bands of wickedness to undo the heavy burdens
and to let the oppressed go free and that ye break every yoke  587
Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry and that thou bring the
poor that are cast out to thy house when thou seest the naked that
thou cover him and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh
588 Then shall thy light break forth as the morning and thine health
shall spring forth speedily and thy righteousness shall go before
thee the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward

589 Then shalt thou call and the LORD shall answer thou shalt cry
and he shall say Here I am If thou take away from the midst of thee
the yoke the putting forth of the finger and speaking vanity 5810
And if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry and satisfy the afflicted
soul then shall thy light rise in obscurity and thy darkness be as
the noon day 5811 And the LORD shall guide thee continually and
satisfy thy soul in drought and make fat thy bones and thou shalt be
like a watered garden and like a spring of water whose waters fail
not

5812 And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places
thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations and thou
shalt be called The repairer of the breach The restorer of paths to
dwell in

5813 If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath from doing thy
pleasure on my holy day and call the sabbath a delight the holy of
the LORD honourable and shalt honour him not doing thine own ways
nor finding thine own pleasure nor speaking thine own words 5814
Then shalt thou delight thyself in the LORD and I will cause thee to
ride upon the high places of the earth and feed thee with the
heritage of Jacob thy father for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken
it

591 Behold the LORDs hand is not shortened that it cannot save
neither his ear heavy that it cannot hear 592 But your iniquities
have separated between you and your God and your sins have hid his
face from you that he will not hear

593 For your hands are defiled with blood and your fingers with
iniquity your lips have spoken lies your tongue hath muttered
perverseness

594 None calleth for justice nor any pleadeth for truth they trust
in vanity and speak lies they conceive mischief and bring forth
iniquity

595 They hatch cockatrice eggs and weave the spiders web he that
eateth of their eggs dieth and that which is crushed breaketh out
into a viper

596 Their webs shall not become garments neither shall they cover
themselves with their works their works are works of iniquity and
the act of violence is in their hands

597 Their feet run to evil and they make haste to shed innocent
blood their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity wasting and
destruction are in their paths

598 The way of peace they know not and there is no judgment in their
goings they have made them crooked paths whosoever goeth therein
shall not know peace

599 Therefore is judgment far from us neither doth justice overtake
us we wait for light but behold obscurity for brightness but we
walk in darkness

5910 We grope for the wall like the blind and we grope as if we had
no eyes we stumble at noon day as in the night we are in desolate
