who can know it  1710 I the LORD search the heart I try the reins
even to give every man according to his ways and according to the
fruit of his doings

1711 As the partridge sitteth on eggs and hatcheth them not so he
that getteth riches and not by right shall leave them in the midst
of his days and at his end shall be a fool

1712 A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our
sanctuary

1713 O LORD the hope of Israel all that forsake thee shall be
ashamed and they that depart from me shall be written in the earth
because they have forsaken the LORD the fountain of living waters

1714 Heal me O LORD and I shall be healed save me and I shall be
saved for thou art my praise

1715 Behold they say unto me Where is the word of the LORD let it
come now

1716 As for me I have not hastened from being a pastor to follow
thee neither have I desired the woeful day thou knowest that which
came out of my lips was right before thee

1717 Be not a terror unto me thou art my hope in the day of evil

1718 Let them be confounded that persecute me but let not me be
confounded let them be dismayed but let not me be dismayed bring
upon them the day of evil and destroy them with double destruction

1719 Thus said the LORD unto me Go and stand in the gate of the
children of the people whereby the kings of Judah come in and by the
which they go out and in all the gates of Jerusalem 1720 And say
unto them Hear ye the word of the LORD ye kings of Judah and all
Judah and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem that enter in by these
gates 1721 Thus saith the LORD Take heed to yourselves and bear no
burden on the sabbath day nor bring it in by the gates of Jerusalem
1722 Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath
day neither do ye any work but hallow ye the sabbath day as I
commanded your fathers

1723 But they obeyed not neither inclined their ear but made their
neck stiff that they might not hear nor receive instruction

1724 And it shall come to pass if ye diligently hearken unto me
saith the LORD to bring in no burden through the gates of this city
on the sabbath day but hallow the sabbath day to do no work therein
1725 Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and
princes sitting upon the throne of David riding in chariots and on
horses they and their princes the men of Judah and the inhabitants
of Jerusalem and this city shall remain for ever

1726 And they shall come from the cities of Judah and from the
places about Jerusalem and from the land of Benjamin and from the
plain and from the mountains and from the south bringing burnt
offerings and sacrifices and meat offerings and incense and
bringing sacrifices of praise unto the house of the LORD

1727 But if ye will not hearken unto me to hallow the sabbath day
and not to bear a burden even entering in at the gates of Jerusalem
on the sabbath day then will I kindle a fire in the gates thereof
and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem and it shall not be
quenched

181 The word which came to Jeremiah from the LORD saying 182
Arise and go down to the potters house and there I will cause thee
to hear my words

183 Then I went down to the potters house and behold he wrought a
work on the wheels

184 And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the
potter so he made it again another vessel as seemed good to the
potter to make it

185 Then the word of the LORD came to me saying 186 O house of
Israel cannot I do with you as this potter saith the LORD Behold
as the clay is in the potters hand so are ye in mine hand O house
of Israel

187 At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation and concerning
a kingdom to pluck up and to pull down and to destroy it 188 If
that nation against whom I have pronounced turn from their evil I
will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them

189 And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation and
concerning a kingdom to build and to plant it 1810 If it do evil in
my sight that it obey not my voice then I will repent of the good
wherewith I said I would benefit them

1811 Now therefore go to speak to the men of Judah and to the
inhabitants of Jerusalem saying Thus saith the LORD Behold I frame
evil against you and devise a device against you return ye now every
one from his evil way and make your ways and your doings good

1812 And they said There is no hope but we will walk after our own
devices and we will every one do the imagination of his evil heart

1813 Therefore thus saith the LORD Ask ye now among the heathen who
