and kissed him and they asked each other of their welfare and they
came into the tent

188 And Moses told his father in law all that the LORD had done unto
Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israels sake and all the travail
that had come upon them by the way and how the LORD delivered them

189 And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done
to Israel whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians

1810 And Jethro said Blessed be the LORD who hath delivered you out
of the hand of the Egyptians and out of the hand of Pharaoh who hath
delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians

1811 Now I know that the LORD is greater than all gods for in the
thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them

1812 And Jethro Moses father in law took a burnt offering and
sacrifices for God and Aaron came and all the elders of Israel to
eat bread with Moses father in law before God

1813 And it came to pass on the morrow that Moses sat to judge the
people and the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the
evening

1814 And when Moses father in law saw all that he did to the people
he said What is this thing that thou doest to the people why sittest
thou thyself alone and all the people stand by thee from morning unto
even  1815 And Moses said unto his father in law Because the people
come unto me to enquire of God 1816 When they have a matter they
come unto me and I judge between one and another and I do make them
know the statutes of God and his laws

1817 And Moses father in law said unto him The thing that thou
doest is not good

1818 Thou wilt surely wear away both thou and this people that is
with thee for this thing is too heavy for thee thou art not able to
perform it thyself alone

1819 Hearken now unto my voice I will give thee counsel and God
shall be with thee Be thou for the people to God-ward that thou
mayest bring the causes unto God 1820 And thou shalt teach them
ordinances and laws and shalt shew them the way wherein they must
walk and the work that they must do

1821 Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men such
as fear God men of truth hating covetousness and place such over
them to be rulers of thousands and rulers of hundreds rulers of
fifties and rulers of tens 1822 And let them judge the people at
all seasons and it shall be that every great matter they shall bring
unto thee but every small matter they shall judge so shall it be
easier for thyself and they shall bear the burden with thee

1823 If thou shalt do this thing and God command thee so then thou
shalt be able to endure and all this people shall also go to their
place in peace

1824 So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father in law and did
all that he had said

1825 And Moses chose able men out of all Israel and made them heads
over the people rulers of thousands rulers of hundreds rulers of
fifties and rulers of tens

1826 And they judged the people at all seasons the hard causes they
brought unto Moses but every small matter they judged themselves

1827 And Moses let his father in law depart and he went his way into
his own land

191 In the third month when the children of Israel were gone forth
out of the land of Egypt the same day came they into the wilderness
of Sinai

192 For they were departed from Rephidim and were come to the desert
of Sinai and had pitched in the wilderness and there Israel camped
before the mount

193 And Moses went up unto God and the LORD called unto him out of
the mountain saying Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob and
tell the children of Israel 194 Ye have seen what I did unto the
Egyptians and how I bare you on eagles wings and brought you unto
myself

195 Now therefore if ye will obey my voice indeed and keep my
covenant then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all
people for all the earth is mine 196 And ye shall be unto me a
kingdom of priests and an holy nation

These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of
Israel

197 And Moses came and called for the elders of the people and laid
before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him

198 And all the people answered together and said All that the LORD
hath spoken we will do And Moses returned the words of the people
unto the LORD

