broken in pieces

503 For out of the north there cometh up a nation against her which
shall make her land desolate and none shall dwell therein they shall
remove they shall depart both man and beast

504 In those days and in that time saith the LORD the children of
Israel shall come they and the children of Judah together going and
weeping they shall go and seek the LORD their God

505 They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward
saying Come and let us join ourselves to the LORD in a perpetual
covenant that shall not be forgotten

506 My people hath been lost sheep their shepherds have caused them
to go astray they have turned them away on the mountains they have
gone from mountain to hill they have forgotten their restingplace

507 All that found them have devoured them and their adversaries
said We offend not because they have sinned against the LORD the
habitation of justice even the LORD the hope of their fathers

508 Remove out of the midst of Babylon and go forth out of the land
of the Chaldeans and be as the he goats before the flocks

509 For lo I will raise and cause to come up against Babylon an
assembly of great nations from the north country and they shall set
themselves in array against her from thence she shall be taken their
arrows shall be as of a mighty expert man none shall return in vain

5010 And Chaldea shall be a spoil all that spoil her shall be
satisfied saith the LORD

5011 Because ye were glad because ye rejoiced O ye destroyers of
mine heritage because ye are grown fat as the heifer at grass and
bellow as bulls 5012 Your mother shall be sore confounded she that
bare you shall be ashamed behold the hindermost of the nations shall
be a wilderness a dry land and a desert

5013 Because of the wrath of the LORD it shall not be inhabited but
it shall be wholly desolate every one that goeth by Babylon shall be
astonished and hiss at all her plagues

5014 Put yourselves in array against Babylon round about all ye that
bend the bow shoot at her spare no arrows for she hath sinned
against the LORD

5015 Shout against her round about she hath given her hand her
foundations are fallen her walls are thrown down for it is the
vengeance of the LORD take vengeance upon her as she hath done do
unto her

5016 Cut off the sower from Babylon and him that handleth the sickle
in the time of harvest for fear of the oppressing sword they shall
turn every one to his people and they shall flee every one to his own
land

5017 Israel is a scattered sheep the lions have driven him away
first the king of Assyria hath devoured him and last this
Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath broken his bones

5018 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts the God of Israel
Behold I will punish the king of Babylon and his land as I have
punished the king of Assyria

5019 And I will bring Israel again to his habitation and he shall
feed on Carmel and Bashan and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount
Ephraim and Gilead

5020 In those days and in that time saith the LORD the iniquity of
Israel shall be sought for and there shall be none and the sins of
Judah and they shall not be found for I will pardon them whom I
reserve

5021 Go up against the land of Merathaim even against it and
against the inhabitants of Pekod waste and utterly destroy after
them saith the LORD and do according to all that I have commanded
thee

5022 A sound of battle is in the land and of great destruction

5023 How is the hammer of the whole earth cut asunder and broken how
is Babylon become a desolation among the nations  5024 I have laid a
snare for thee and thou art also taken O Babylon and thou wast not
aware thou art found and also caught because thou hast striven
against the LORD

5025 The LORD hath opened his armoury and hath brought forth the
weapons of his indignation for this is the work of the Lord GOD of
hosts in the land of the Chaldeans

5026 Come against her from the utmost border open her storehouses
cast her up as heaps and destroy her utterly let nothing of her be
left

5027 Slay all her bullocks let them go down to the slaughter woe
unto them for their day is come the time of their visitation

5028 The voice of them that flee and escape out of the land of
Babylon to declare in Zion the vengeance of the LORD our God the
