
412 And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes and thou shalt bake it
with dung that cometh out of man in their sight

413 And the LORD said Even thus shall the children of Israel eat
their defiled bread among the Gentiles whither I will drive them

414 Then said I Ah Lord GOD behold my soul hath not been polluted
for from my youth up even till now have I not eaten of that which
dieth of itself or is torn in pieces neither came there abominable
flesh into my mouth

415 Then he said unto me Lo I have given thee cows dung for mans
dung and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith

416 Moreover he said unto me Son of man behold I will break the
staff of bread in Jerusalem and they shall eat bread by weight and
with care and they shall drink water by measure and with
astonishment 417 That they may want bread and water and be astonied
one with another and consume away for their iniquity

51 And thou son of man take thee a sharp knife take thee a
barbers razor and cause it to pass upon thine head and upon thy
beard then take thee balances to weigh and divide the hair

52 Thou shalt burn with fire a third part in the midst of the city
when the days of the siege are fulfilled and thou shalt take a third
part and smite about it with a knife and a third part thou shalt
scatter in the wind and I will draw out a sword after them

53 Thou shalt also take thereof a few in number and bind them in thy
skirts

54 Then take of them again and cast them into the midst of the fire
and burn them in the fire for thereof shall a fire come forth into
all the house of Israel

55 Thus saith the Lord GOD This is Jerusalem I have set it in the
midst of the nations and countries that are round about her

56 And she hath changed my judgments into wickedness more than the
nations and my statutes more than the countries that are round about
her for they have refused my judgments and my statutes they have not
walked in them

57 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD Because ye multiplied more than
the nations that are round about you and have not walked in my
statutes neither have kept my judgments neither have done according
to the judgments of the nations that are round about you 58
Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD Behold I even I am against thee
and will execute judgments in the midst of thee in the sight of the
nations

59 And I will do in thee that which I have not done and whereunto I
will not do any more the like because of all thine abominations

510 Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of thee
and the sons shall eat their fathers and I will execute judgments in
thee and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds

511 Wherefore as I live saith the Lord GOD Surely because thou
hast defiled my sanctuary with all thy detestable things and with all
thine abominations therefore will I also diminish thee neither shall
mine eye spare neither will I have any pity

512 A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence and with
famine shall they be consumed in the midst of thee and a third part
shall fall by the sword round about thee and I will scatter a third
part into all the winds and I will draw out a sword after them

513 Thus shall mine anger be accomplished and I will cause my fury
to rest upon them and I will be comforted and they shall know that I
the LORD have spoken it in my zeal when I have accomplished my fury
in them

514 Moreover I will make thee waste and a reproach among the nations
that are round about thee in the sight of all that pass by

515 So it shall be a reproach and a taunt an instruction and an
astonishment unto the nations that are round about thee when I shall
execute judgments in thee in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes
I the LORD have spoken it

516 When I shall send upon them the evil arrows of famine which
shall be for their destruction and which I will send to destroy you
and I will increase the famine upon you and will break your staff of
bread 517 So will I send upon you famine and evil beasts and they
shall bereave thee and pestilence and blood shall pass through thee
and I will bring the sword upon thee I the LORD have spoken it

61 And the word of the LORD came unto me saying 62 Son of man set
thy face toward the mountains of Israel and prophesy against them
63 And say Ye mountains of Israel hear the word of the Lord GOD
Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains and to the hills to the
rivers and to the valleys Behold I even I will bring a sword upon
you and I will destroy your high places

64 And your altars shall be desolate and your images shall be
broken and I will cast down your slain men before your idols

