neither have they shewed difference between the unclean and the clean
and have hid their eyes from my sabbaths and I am profaned among
them

2227 Her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the
prey to shed blood and to destroy souls to get dishonest gain

2228 And her prophets have daubed them with untempered morter seeing
vanity and divining lies unto them saying Thus saith the Lord GOD
when the LORD hath not spoken

2229 The people of the land have used oppression and exercised
robbery and have vexed the poor and needy yea they have oppressed
the stranger wrongfully

2230 And I sought for a man among them that should make up the
hedge and stand in the gap before me for the land that I should not
destroy it but I found none

2231 Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them I have
consumed them with the fire of my wrath their own way have I
recompensed upon their heads saith the Lord GOD

231 The word of the LORD came again unto me saying 232 Son of man
there were two women the daughters of one mother 233 And they
committed whoredoms in Egypt they committed whoredoms in their youth
there were their breasts pressed and there they bruised the teats of
their virginity

234 And the names of them were Aholah the elder and Aholibah her
sister and they were mine and they bare sons and daughters Thus
were their names Samaria is Aholah and Jerusalem Aholibah

235 And Aholah played the harlot when she was mine and she doted on
her lovers on the Assyrians her neighbours 236 Which were clothed
with blue captains and rulers all of them desirable young men
horsemen riding upon horses

237 Thus she committed her whoredoms with them with all them that
were the chosen men of Assyria and with all on whom she doted with
all their idols she defiled herself

238 Neither left she her whoredoms brought from Egypt for in her
youth they lay with her and they bruised the breasts of her
virginity and poured their whoredom upon her

239 Wherefore I have delivered her into the hand of her lovers into
the hand of the Assyrians upon whom she doted

2310 These discovered her nakedness they took her sons and her
daughters and slew her with the sword and she became famous among
women for they had executed judgment upon her

2311 And when her sister Aholibah saw this she was more corrupt in
her inordinate love than she and in her whoredoms more than her
sister in her whoredoms

2312 She doted upon the Assyrians her neighbours captains and rulers
clothed most gorgeously horsemen riding upon horses all of them
desirable young men

2313 Then I saw that she was defiled that they took both one way
2314 And that she increased her whoredoms for when she saw men
pourtrayed upon the wall the images of the Chaldeans pourtrayed with
vermilion 2315 Girded with girdles upon their loins exceeding in
dyed attire upon their heads all of them princes to look to after
the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea the land of their nativity
2316 And as soon as she saw them with her eyes she doted upon them
and sent messengers unto them into Chaldea

2317 And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love and they
defiled her with their whoredom and she was polluted with them and
her mind was alienated from them

2318 So she discovered her whoredoms and discovered her nakedness
then my mind was alienated from her like as my mind was alienated
from her sister

2319 Yet she multiplied her whoredoms in calling to remembrance the
days of her youth wherein she had played the harlot in the land of
Egypt

2320 For she doted upon their paramours whose flesh is as the flesh
of asses and whose issue is like the issue of horses

2321 Thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth in
bruising thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth

2322 Therefore O Aholibah thus saith the Lord GOD Behold I will
raise up thy lovers against thee from whom thy mind is alienated and
I will bring them against thee on every side 2323 The Babylonians
and all the Chaldeans Pekod and Shoa and Koa and all the Assyrians
with them all of them desirable young men captains and rulers great
lords and renowned all of them riding upon horses

2324 And they shall come against thee with chariots wagons and
wheels and with an assembly of people which shall set against thee
buckler and shield and helmet round about and I will set judgment
before them and they shall judge thee according to their judgments

