there shall they bury Gog and all his multitude and they shall call
it The valley of Hamongog

3912 And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them
that they may cleanse the land

3913 Yea all the people of the land shall bury them and it shall be
to them a renown the day that I shall be glorified saith the Lord
GOD

3914 And they shall sever out men of continual employment passing
through the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon
the face of the earth to cleanse it after the end of seven months
shall they search

3915 And the passengers that pass through the land when any seeth a
mans bone then shall he set up a sign by it till the buriers have
buried it in the valley of Hamongog

3916 And also the name of the city shall be Hamonah Thus shall they
cleanse the land

3917 And thou son of man thus saith the Lord GOD Speak unto every
feathered fowl and to every beast of the field Assemble yourselves
and come gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that I do
sacrifice for you even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of
Israel that ye may eat flesh and drink blood

3918 Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty and drink the blood of the
princes of the earth of rams of lambs and of goats of bullocks
all of them fatlings of Bashan

3919 And ye shall eat fat till ye be full and drink blood till ye be
drunken of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you

3920 Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots
with mighty men and with all men of war saith the Lord GOD

3921 And I will set my glory among the heathen and all the heathen
shall see my judgment that I have executed and my hand that I have
laid upon them

3922 So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God
from that day and forward

3923 And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into
captivity for their iniquity because they trespassed against me
therefore hid I my face from them and gave them into the hand of
their enemies so fell they all by the sword

3924 According to their uncleanness and according to their
transgressions have I done unto them and hid my face from them

3925 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD Now will I bring again the
captivity of Jacob and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel and
will be jealous for my holy name 3926 After that they have borne
their shame and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed
against me when they dwelt safely in their land and none made them
afraid

3927 When I have brought them again from the people and gathered
them out of their enemies lands and am sanctified in them in the
sight of many nations 3928 Then shall they know that I am the LORD
their God which caused them to be led into captivity among the
heathen but I have gathered them unto their own land and have left
none of them any more there

3929 Neither will I hide my face any more from them for I have
poured out my spirit upon the house of Israel saith the Lord GOD

401 In the five and twentieth year of our captivity in the beginning
of the year in the tenth day of the month in the fourteenth year
after that the city was smitten in the selfsame day the hand of the
LORD was upon me and brought me thither

402 In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel and
set me upon a very high mountain by which was as the frame of a city
on the south

403 And he brought me thither and behold there was a man whose
appearance was like the appearance of brass with a line of flax in
his hand and a measuring reed and he stood in the gate

404 And the man said unto me Son of man behold with thine eyes and
hear with thine ears and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew
thee for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou
brought hither declare all that thou seest to the house of Israel

405 And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about and in
the mans hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an
hand breadth so he measured the breadth of the building one reed
and the height one reed

406 Then came he unto the gate which looketh toward the east and
went up the stairs thereof and measured the threshold of the gate
which was one reed broad and the other threshold of the gate which
was one reed broad

407 And every little chamber was one reed long and one reed broad
and between the little chambers were five cubits and the threshold of
