in the four squares thereof and the border about it shall be half a
cubit and the bottom thereof shall be a cubit about and his stairs
shall look toward the east

4318 And he said unto me Son of man thus saith the Lord GOD These
are the ordinances of the altar in the day when they shall make it to
offer burnt offerings thereon and to sprinkle blood thereon

4319 And thou shalt give to the priests the Levites that be of the
seed of Zadok which approach unto me to minister unto me saith the
Lord GOD a young bullock for a sin offering

4320 And thou shalt take of the blood thereof and put it on the four
horns of it and on the four corners of the settle and upon the
border round about thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it

4321 Thou shalt take the bullock also of the sin offering and he
shall burn it in the appointed place of the house without the
sanctuary

4322 And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats
without blemish for a sin offering and they shall cleanse the altar
as they did cleanse it with the bullock

4323 When thou hast made an end of cleansing it thou shalt offer a
young bullock without blemish and a ram out of the flock without
blemish

4324 And thou shalt offer them before the LORD and the priests shall
cast salt upon them and they shall offer them up for a burnt offering
unto the LORD

4325 Seven days shalt thou prepare every day a goat for a sin
offering they shall also prepare a young bullock and a ram out of
the flock without blemish

4326 Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it and they
shall consecrate themselves

4327 And when these days are expired it shall be that upon the
eighth day and so forward the priests shall make your burnt
offerings upon the altar and your peace offerings and I will accept
you saith the Lord GOD

441 Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward
sanctuary which looketh toward the east and it was shut

442 Then said the LORD unto me This gate shall be shut it shall not
be opened and no man shall enter in by it because the LORD the God
of Israel hath entered in by it therefore it shall be shut

443 It is for the prince the prince he shall sit in it to eat bread
before the LORD he shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate
and shall go out by the way of the same

444 Then brought he me the way of the north gate before the house
and I looked and behold the glory of the LORD filled the house of
the LORD and I fell upon my face

445 And the LORD said unto me Son of man mark well and behold with
thine eyes and hear with thine ears all that I say unto thee
concerning all the ordinances of the house of the LORD and all the
laws thereof and mark well the entering in of the house with every
going forth of the sanctuary

446 And thou shalt say to the rebellious even to the house of
Israel Thus saith the Lord GOD O ye house of Israel let it suffice
you of all your abominations 447 In that ye have brought into my
sanctuary strangers uncircumcised in heart and uncircumcised in
flesh to be in my sanctuary to pollute it even my house when ye
offer my bread the fat and the blood and they have broken my
covenant because of all your abominations

448 And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things but ye have
set keepers of my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves

449 Thus saith the Lord GOD No stranger uncircumcised in heart nor
uncircumcised in flesh shall enter into my sanctuary of any stranger
that is among the children of Israel

4410 And the Levites that are gone away far from me when Israel went
astray which went astray away from me after their idols they shall
even bear their iniquity

4411 Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary having charge at
the gates of the house and ministering to the house they shall slay
the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people and they shall
stand before them to minister unto them

4412 Because they ministered unto them before their idols and caused
the house of Israel to fall into iniquity therefore have I lifted up
mine hand against them saith the Lord GOD and they shall bear their
iniquity

4413 And they shall not come near unto me to do the office of a
priest unto me nor to come near to any of my holy things in the most
holy place but they shall bear their shame and their abominations
which they have committed

4414 But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house for all
