2528 And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood and overlay them
with gold that the table may be borne with them

2529 And thou shalt make the dishes thereof and spoons thereof and
covers thereof and bowls thereof to cover withal of pure gold shalt
thou make them

2530 And thou shalt set upon the table shewbread before me alway

2531 And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold of beaten work
shall the candlestick be made his shaft and his branches his bowls
his knops and his flowers shall be of the same

2532 And six branches shall come out of the sides of it three
branches of the candlestick out of the one side and three branches of
the candlestick out of the other side 2533 Three bowls made like
unto almonds with a knop and a flower in one branch and three bowls
made like almonds in the other branch with a knop and a flower so in
the six branches that come out of the candlestick

2534 And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like unto
almonds with their knops and their flowers

2535 And there shall be a knop under two branches of the same and a
knop under two branches of the same and a knop under two branches of
the same according to the six branches that proceed out of the
candlestick

2536 Their knops and their branches shall be of the same all it
shall be one beaten work of pure gold

2537 And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof and they shall
light the lamps thereof that they may give light over against it

2538 And the tongs thereof and the snuffdishes thereof shall be of
pure gold

2539 Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it with all these
vessels

2540 And look that thou make them after their pattern which was
shewed thee in the mount

261 Moreover thou shalt make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine
twined linen and blue and purple and scarlet with cherubims of
cunning work shalt thou make them

262 The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits and
the breadth of one curtain four cubits and every one of the curtains
shall have one measure

263 The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another and
other five curtains shall be coupled one to another

264 And thou shalt make loops of blue upon the edge of the one
curtain from the selvedge in the coupling and likewise shalt thou
make in the uttermost edge of another curtain in the coupling of the
second

265 Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain and fifty loops
shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of
the second that the loops may take hold one of another

266 And thou shalt make fifty taches of gold and couple the curtains
together with the taches and it shall be one tabernacle

267 And thou shalt make curtains of goats hair to be a covering upon
the tabernacle eleven curtains shalt thou make

268 The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits and the breadth
of one curtain four cubits and the eleven curtains shall be all of
one measure

269 And thou shalt couple five curtains by themselves and six
curtains by themselves and shalt double the sixth curtain in the
forefront of the tabernacle

2610 And thou shalt make fifty loops on the edge of the one curtain
that is outmost in the coupling and fifty loops in the edge of the
curtain which coupleth the second

2611 And thou shalt make fifty taches of brass and put the taches
into the loops and couple the tent together that it may be one

2612 And the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the tent the
half curtain that remaineth shall hang over the backside of the
tabernacle

2613 And a cubit on the one side and a cubit on the other side of
that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the tent it
shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that
side to cover it

2614 And thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams skins dyed
red and a covering above of badgers skins

2615 And thou shalt make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood
standing up

2616 Ten cubits shall be the length of a board and a cubit and a
