country and go down into the desert and go into the sea which being
brought forth into the sea the waters shall be healed

479 And it shall come to pass that every thing that liveth which
moveth whithersoever the rivers shall come shall live and there
shall be a very great multitude of fish because these waters shall
come thither for they shall be healed and every thing shall live
whither the river cometh

4710 And it shall come to pass that the fishers shall stand upon it
from Engedi even unto Eneglaim they shall be a place to spread forth
nets their fish shall be according to their kinds as the fish of the
great sea exceeding many

4711 But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not
be healed they shall be given to salt

4712 And by the river upon the bank thereof on this side and on that
side shall grow all trees for meat whose leaf shall not fade
neither shall the fruit thereof be consumed it shall bring forth new
fruit according to his months because their waters they issued out of
the sanctuary and the fruit thereof shall be for meat and the leaf
thereof for medicine

4713 Thus saith the Lord GOD This shall be the border whereby ye
shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel
Joseph shall have two portions

4714 And ye shall inherit it one as well as another concerning the
which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers and this
land shall fall unto you for inheritance

4715 And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side
from the great sea the way of Hethlon as men go to Zedad 4716
Hamath Berothah Sibraim which is between the border of Damascus and
the border of Hamath Hazarhatticon which is by the coast of Hauran

4717 And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan the border of
Damascus and the north northward and the border of Hamath And this
is the north side

4718 And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran and from
Damascus and from Gilead and from the land of Israel by Jordan from
the border unto the east sea And this is the east side

4719 And the south side southward from Tamar even to the waters of
strife in Kadesh the river to the great sea And this is the south
side southward

4720 The west side also shall be the great sea from the border till
a man come over against Hamath This is the west side

4721 So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of
Israel

4722 And it shall come to pass that ye shall divide it by lot for an
inheritance unto you and to the strangers that sojourn among you
which shall beget children among you and they shall be unto you as
born in the country among the children of Israel they shall have
inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel

4723 And it shall come to pass that in what tribe the stranger
sojourneth there shall ye give him his inheritance saith the Lord
GOD

481 Now these are the names of the tribes From the north end to the
coast of the way of Hethlon as one goeth to Hamath Hazarenan the
border of Damascus northward to the coast of Hamath for these are
his sides east and west a portion for Dan

482 And by the border of Dan from the east side unto the west side
a portion for Asher

483 And by the border of Asher from the east side even unto the west
side a portion for Naphtali

484 And by the border of Naphtali from the east side unto the west
side a portion for Manasseh

485 And by the border of Manasseh from the east side unto the west
side a portion for Ephraim

486 And by the border of Ephraim from the east side even unto the
west side a portion for Reuben

487 And by the border of Reuben from the east side unto the west
side a portion for Judah

488 And by the border of Judah from the east side unto the west
side shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and twenty
thousand reeds in breadth and in length as one of the other parts
from the east side unto the west side and the sanctuary shall be in
the midst of it

489 The oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five
and twenty thousand in length and of ten thousand in breadth

4810 And for them even for the priests shall be this holy oblation
toward the north five and twenty thousand in length and toward the
west ten thousand in breadth and toward the east ten thousand in
