he was deposed from his kingly throne and they took his glory from
him 521 And he was driven from the sons of men and his heart was
made like the beasts and his dwelling was with the wild asses they
fed him with grass like oxen and his body was wet with the dew of
heaven till he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of
men and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will

522 And thou his son O Belshazzar hast not humbled thine heart
though thou knewest all this 523 But hast lifted up thyself against
the Lord of heaven and they have brought the vessels of his house
before thee and thou and thy lords thy wives and thy concubines
have drunk wine in them and thou hast praised the gods of silver and
gold of brass iron wood and stone which see not nor hear nor
know and the God in whose hand thy breath is and whose are all thy
ways hast thou not glorified 524 Then was the part of the hand sent
from him and this writing was written

525 And this is the writing that was written MENE MENE TEKEL
UPHARSIN

526 This is the interpretation of the thing MENE God hath numbered
thy kingdom and finished it

527 TEKEL Thou art weighed in the balances and art found wanting

528 PERES Thy kingdom is divided and given to the Medes and
Persians

529 Then commanded Belshazzar and they clothed Daniel with scarlet
and put a chain of gold about his neck and made a proclamation
concerning him that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom

530 In that night was Belshazzar the king of the Chaldeans slain

531 And Darius the Median took the kingdom being about threescore
and two years old

61 It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty
princes which should be over the whole kingdom 62 And over these
three presidents of whom Daniel was first that the princes might
give accounts unto them and the king should have no damage

63 Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes
because an excellent spirit was in him and the king thought to set
him over the whole realm

64 Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against
Daniel concerning the kingdom but they could find none occasion nor
fault forasmuch as he was faithful neither was there any error or
fault found in him

65 Then said these men We shall not find any occasion against this
Daniel except we find it against him concerning the law of his God

66 Then these presidents and princes assembled together to the king
and said thus unto him King Darius live for ever

67 All the presidents of the kingdom the governors and the princes
the counsellors and the captains have consulted together to
establish a royal statute and to make a firm decree that whosoever
shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days save of thee
O king he shall be cast into the den of lions

68 Now O king establish the decree and sign the writing that it
be not changed according to the law of the Medes and Persians which
altereth not

69 Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the decree

610 Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed he went into
his house and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem
he kneeled upon his knees three times a day and prayed and gave
thanks before his God as he did aforetime

611 Then these men assembled and found Daniel praying and making
supplication before his God

612 Then they came near and spake before the king concerning the
kings decree Hast thou not signed a decree that every man that
shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days save of
thee O king shall be cast into the den of lions The king answered
and said The thing is true according to the law of the Medes and
Persians which altereth not

613 Then answered they and said before the king That Daniel which
is of the children of the captivity of Judah regardeth not thee O
king nor the decree that thou hast signed but maketh his petition
three times a day

614 Then the king when he heard these words was sore displeased
with himself and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him and he
laboured till the going down of the sun to deliver him

615 Then these men assembled unto the king and said unto the king
Know O king that the law of the Medes and Persians is That no
decree nor statute which the king establisheth may be changed

616 Then the king commanded and they brought Daniel and cast him
into the den of lions Now the king spake and said unto Daniel Thy
God whom thou servest continually he will deliver thee
