came with the clouds of heaven and came to the Ancient of days and
they brought him near before him

714 And there was given him dominion and glory and a kingdom that
all people nations and languages should serve him his dominion is
an everlasting dominion which shall not pass away and his kingdom
that which shall not be destroyed

715 I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body and
the visions of my head troubled me

716 I came near unto one of them that stood by and asked him the
truth of all this So he told me and made me know the interpretation
of the things

717 These great beasts which are four are four kings which shall
arise out of the earth

718 But the saints of the most High shall take the kingdom and
possess the kingdom for ever even for ever and ever

719 Then I would know the truth of the fourth beast which was
diverse from all the others exceeding dreadful whose teeth were of
iron and his nails of brass which devoured brake in pieces and
stamped the residue with his feet 720 And of the ten horns that were
in his head and of the other which came up and before whom three
fell even of that horn that had eyes and a mouth that spake very
great things whose look was more stout than his fellows

721 I beheld and the same horn made war with the saints and
prevailed against them 722 Until the Ancient of days came and
judgment was given to the saints of the most High and the time came
that the saints possessed the kingdom

723 Thus he said The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon
earth which shall be diverse from all kingdoms and shall devour the
whole earth and shall tread it down and break it in pieces

724 And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall
arise and another shall rise after them and he shall be diverse from
the first and he shall subdue three kings

725 And he shall speak great words against the most High and shall
wear out the saints of the most High and think to change times and
laws and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and
the dividing of time

726 But the judgment shall sit and they shall take away his
dominion to consume and to destroy it unto the end

727 And the kingdom and dominion and the greatness of the kingdom
under the whole heaven shall be given to the people of the saints of
the most High whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom and all
dominions shall serve and obey him

728 Hitherto is the end of the matter As for me Daniel my
cogitations much troubled me and my countenance changed in me but I
kept the matter in my heart

81 In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision
appeared unto me even unto me Daniel after that which appeared unto
me at the first

82 And I saw in a vision and it came to pass when I saw that I was
at Shushan in the palace which is in the province of Elam and I saw
in a vision and I was by the river of Ulai

83 Then I lifted up mine eyes and saw and behold there stood
before the river a ram which had two horns and the two horns were
high but one was higher than the other and the higher came up last

84 I saw the ram pushing westward and northward and southward so
that no beasts might stand before him neither was there any that
could deliver out of his hand but he did according to his will and
became great

85 And as I was considering behold an he goat came from the west on
the face of the whole earth and touched not the ground and the goat
had a notable horn between his eyes

86 And he came to the ram that had two horns which I had seen
standing before the river and ran unto him in the fury of his power

87 And I saw him come close unto the ram and he was moved with
choler against him and smote the ram and brake his two horns and
there was no power in the ram to stand before him but he cast him
down to the ground and stamped upon him and there was none that
could deliver the ram out of his hand

88 Therefore the he goat waxed very great and when he was strong
the great horn was broken and for it came up four notable ones toward
the four winds of heaven

89 And out of one of them came forth a little horn which waxed
exceeding great toward the south and toward the east and toward the
pleasant land

810 And it waxed great even to the host of heaven and it cast down
some of the host and of the stars to the ground and stamped upon
them
