
13 So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim which
conceived and bare him a son

14 And the LORD said unto him Call his name Jezreel for yet a
little while and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of
Jehu and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel

15 And it shall come to pass at that day that I will break the bow
of Israel in the valley of Jezreel

16 And she conceived again and bare a daughter And God said unto
him Call her name Loruhamah for I will no more have mercy upon the
house of Israel but I will utterly take them away

17 But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah and will save them
by the LORD their God and will not save them by bow nor by sword
nor by battle by horses nor by horsemen

18 Now when she had weaned Loruhamah she conceived and bare a son

19 Then said God Call his name Loammi for ye are not my people and
I will not be your God

110 Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of
the sea which cannot be measured nor numbered and it shall come to
pass that in the place where it was said unto them Ye are not my
people there it shall be said unto them Ye are the sons of the
living God

111 Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be
gathered together and appoint themselves one head and they shall
come up out of the land for great shall be the day of Jezreel

21 Say ye unto your brethren Ammi and to your sisters Ruhamah

22 Plead with your mother plead for she is not my wife neither am
I her husband let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her
sight and her adulteries from between her breasts 23 Lest I strip
her naked and set her as in the day that she was born and make her
as a wilderness and set her like a dry land and slay her with
thirst

24 And I will not have mercy upon her children for they be the
children of whoredoms

25 For their mother hath played the harlot she that conceived them
hath done shamefully for she said I will go after my lovers that
give me my bread and my water my wool and my flax mine oil and my
drink

26 Therefore behold I will hedge up thy way with thorns and make a
wall that she shall not find her paths

27 And she shall follow after her lovers but she shall not overtake
them and she shall seek them but shall not find them then shall she
say I will go and return to my first husband for then was it better
with me than now

28 For she did not know that I gave her corn and wine and oil and
multiplied her silver and gold which they prepared for Baal

29 Therefore will I return and take away my corn in the time
thereof and my wine in the season thereof and will recover my wool
and my flax given to cover her nakedness

210 And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers
and none shall deliver her out of mine hand

211 I will also cause all her mirth to cease her feast days her new
moons and her sabbaths and all her solemn feasts

212 And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees whereof she hath
said These are my rewards that my lovers have given me and I will
make them a forest and the beasts of the field shall eat them

213 And I will visit upon her the days of Baalim wherein she burned
incense to them and she decked herself with her earrings and her
jewels and she went after her lovers and forgat me saith the LORD

214 Therefore behold I will allure her and bring her into the
wilderness and speak comfortably unto her

215 And I will give her her vineyards from thence and the valley of
Achor for a door of hope and she shall sing there as in the days of
her youth and as in the day when she came up out of the land of
Egypt

216 And it shall be at that day saith the LORD that thou shalt call
me Ishi and shalt call me no more Baali

217 For I will take away the names of Baalim out of her mouth and
they shall no more be remembered by their name

218 And in that day will I make a covenant for them with the beasts
of the field and with the fowls of heaven and with the creeping
things of the ground and I will break the bow and the sword and the
battle out of the earth and will make them to lie down safely

219 And I will betroth thee unto me for ever yea I will betroth
