ceaseth from raising after he hath kneaded the dough until it be
leavened

75 In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles
of wine he stretched out his hand with scorners

76 For they have made ready their heart like an oven whiles they lie
in wait their baker sleepeth all the night in the morning it burneth
as a flaming fire

77 They are all hot as an oven and have devoured their judges all
their kings are fallen there is none among them that calleth unto me

78 Ephraim he hath mixed himself among the people Ephraim is a cake
not turned

79 Strangers have devoured his strength and he knoweth it not yea
gray hairs are here and there upon him yet he knoweth not

710 And the pride of Israel testifieth to his face and they do not
return to the LORD their God nor seek him for all this

711 Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart they call to
Egypt they go to Assyria

712 When they shall go I will spread my net upon them I will bring
them down as the fowls of the heaven I will chastise them as their
congregation hath heard

713 Woe unto them for they have fled from me destruction unto them
because they have transgressed against me though I have redeemed
them yet they have spoken lies against me

714 And they have not cried unto me with their heart when they
howled upon their beds they assemble themselves for corn and wine
and they rebel against me

715 Though I have bound and strengthened their arms yet do they
imagine mischief against me

716 They return but not to the most High they are like a deceitful
bow their princes shall fall by the sword for the rage of their
tongue this shall be their derision in the land of Egypt

81 Set the trumpet to thy mouth He shall come as an eagle against
the house of the LORD because they have transgressed my covenant and
trespassed against my law

82 Israel shall cry unto me My God we know thee

83 Israel hath cast off the thing that is good the enemy shall
pursue him

84 They have set up kings but not by me they have made princes and
I knew it not of their silver and their gold have they made them
idols that they may be cut off

85 Thy calf O Samaria hath cast thee off mine anger is kindled
against them how long will it be ere they attain to innocency  86
For from Israel was it also the workman made it therefore it is not
God but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces

87 For they have sown the wind and they shall reap the whirlwind it
hath no stalk the bud shall yield no meal if so be it yield the
strangers shall swallow it up

88 Israel is swallowed up now shall they be among the Gentiles as a
vessel wherein is no pleasure

89 For they are gone up to Assyria a wild ass alone by himself
Ephraim hath hired lovers

810 Yea though they have hired among the nations now will I gather
them and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of
princes

811 Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin altars shall be
unto him to sin

812 I have written to him the great things of my law but they were
counted as a strange thing

813 They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings and
eat it but the LORD accepteth them not now will he remember their
iniquity and visit their sins they shall return to Egypt

814 For Israel hath forgotten his Maker and buildeth temples and
Judah hath multiplied fenced cities but I will send a fire upon his
cities and it shall devour the palaces thereof

91 Rejoice not O Israel for joy as other people for thou hast
gone a whoring from thy God thou hast loved a reward upon every
cornfloor

92 The floor and the winepress shall not feed them and the new wine
shall fail in her

93 They shall not dwell in the LORDs land but Ephraim shall return
to Egypt and they shall eat unclean things in Assyria

