317 Thy crowned are as the locusts and thy captains as the great
grasshoppers which camp in the hedges in the cold day but when the
sun ariseth they flee away and their place is not known where they
are

318 Thy shepherds slumber O king of Assyria thy nobles shall dwell
in the dust thy people is scattered upon the mountains and no man
gathereth them

319 There is no healing of thy bruise thy wound is grievous all
that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee for upon
whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually




Habakkuk


11 The burden which Habakkuk the prophet did see

12 O LORD how long shall I cry and thou wilt not hear even cry out
unto thee of violence and thou wilt not save  13 Why dost thou shew
me iniquity and cause me to behold grievance for spoiling and
violence are before me and there are that raise up strife and
contention

14 Therefore the law is slacked and judgment doth never go forth
for the wicked doth compass about the righteous therefore wrong
judgment proceedeth

15 Behold ye among the heathen and regard and wonder marvelously
for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe though
it be told you

16 For lo I raise up the Chaldeans that bitter and hasty nation
which shall march through the breadth of the land to possess the
dwellingplaces that are not theirs

17 They are terrible and dreadful their judgment and their dignity
shall proceed of themselves

18 Their horses also are swifter than the leopards and are more
fierce than the evening wolves and their horsemen shall spread
themselves and their horsemen shall come from far they shall fly as
the eagle that hasteth to eat

19 They shall come all for violence their faces shall sup up as the
east wind and they shall gather the captivity as the sand

110 And they shall scoff at the kings and the princes shall be a
scorn unto them they shall deride every strong hold for they shall
heap dust and take it

111 Then shall his mind change and he shall pass over and offend
imputing this his power unto his god

112 Art thou not from everlasting O LORD my God mine Holy One we
shall not die O LORD thou hast ordained them for judgment and O
mighty God thou hast established them for correction

113 Thou art of purer eyes than to behold evil and canst not look on
iniquity wherefore lookest thou upon them that deal treacherously
and holdest thy tongue when the wicked devoureth the man that is more
righteous than he  114 And makest men as the fishes of the sea as
the creeping things that have no ruler over them  115 They take up
all of them with the angle they catch them in their net and gather
them in their drag therefore they rejoice and are glad

116 Therefore they sacrifice unto their net and burn incense unto
their drag because by them their portion is fat and their meat
plenteous

117 Shall they therefore empty their net and not spare continually
to slay the nations  21 I will stand upon my watch and set me upon
the tower and will watch to see what he will say unto me and what I
shall answer when I am reproved

22 And the LORD answered me and said Write the vision and make it
plain upon tables that he may run that readeth it

23 For the vision is yet for an appointed time but at the end it
shall speak and not lie though it tarry wait for it because it
will surely come it will not tarry

24 Behold his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him but the
just shall live by his faith

25 Yea also because he transgresseth by wine he is a proud man
neither keepeth at home who enlargeth his desire as hell and is as
death and cannot be satisfied but gathereth unto him all nations
and heapeth unto him all people 26 Shall not all these take up a
parable against him and a taunting proverb against him and say Woe
to him that increaseth that which is not his how long and to him
that ladeth himself with thick clay  27 Shall they not rise up
suddenly that shall bite thee and awake that shall vex thee and thou
shalt be for booties unto them  28 Because thou hast spoiled many
nations all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee because of
mens blood and for the violence of the land of the city and of all
that dwell therein
