
2929 And the holy garments of Aaron shall be his sons after him to
be anointed therein and to be consecrated in them

2930 And that son that is priest in his stead shall put them on seven
days when he cometh into the tabernacle of the congregation to
minister in the holy place

2931 And thou shalt take the ram of the consecration and seethe his
flesh in the holy place

2932 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram and the
bread that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of the
congregation

2933 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement was
made to consecrate and to sanctify them but a stranger shall not eat
thereof because they are holy

2934 And if ought of the flesh of the consecrations or of the bread
remain unto the morning then thou shalt burn the remainder with fire
it shall not be eaten because it is holy

2935 And thus shalt thou do unto Aaron and to his sons according to
all things which I have commanded thee seven days shalt thou
consecrate them

2936 And thou shalt offer every day a bullock for a sin offering for
atonement and thou shalt cleanse the altar when thou hast made an
atonement for it and thou shalt anoint it to sanctify it

2937 Seven days thou shalt make an atonement for the altar and
sanctify it and it shall be an altar most holy whatsoever toucheth
the altar shall be holy

2938 Now this is that which thou shalt offer upon the altar two
lambs of the first year day by day continually

2939 The one lamb thou shalt offer in the morning and the other lamb
thou shalt offer at even 2940 And with the one lamb a tenth deal of
flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil and the
fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering

2941 And the other lamb thou shalt offer at even and shalt do
thereto according to the meat offering of the morning and according
to the drink offering thereof for a sweet savour an offering made by
fire unto the LORD

2942 This shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your
generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before
the LORD where I will meet you to speak there unto thee

2943 And there I will meet with the children of Israel and the
tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory

2944 And I will sanctify the tabernacle of the congregation and the
altar I will sanctify also both Aaron and his sons to minister to me
in the priests office

2945 And I will dwell among the children of Israel and will be their
God

2946 And they shall know that I am the LORD their God that brought
them forth out of the land of Egypt that I may dwell among them I am
the LORD their God

301 And thou shalt make an altar to burn incense upon of shittim
wood shalt thou make it

302 A cubit shall be the length thereof and a cubit the breadth
thereof foursquare shall it be and two cubits shall be the height
thereof the horns thereof shall be of the same

303 And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold the top thereof and
the sides thereof round about and the horns thereof and thou shalt
make unto it a crown of gold round about

304 And two golden rings shalt thou make to it under the crown of it
by the two corners thereof upon the two sides of it shalt thou make
it and they shall be for places for the staves to bear it withal

305 And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood and overlay them
with gold

306 And thou shalt put it before the vail that is by the ark of the
testimony before the mercy seat that is over the testimony where I
will meet with thee

307 And Aaron shall burn thereon sweet incense every morning when he
dresseth the lamps he shall burn incense upon it

308 And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even he shall burn incense
upon it a perpetual incense before the LORD throughout your
generations

309 Ye shall offer no strange incense thereon nor burnt sacrifice
nor meat offering neither shall ye pour drink offering thereon

3010 And Aaron shall make an atonement upon the horns of it once in a
year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements once in the
