repented not 815 So again have I thought in these days to do well
unto Jerusalem and to the house of Judah fear ye not

816 These are the things that ye shall do Speak ye every man the
truth to his neighbour execute the judgment of truth and peace in
your gates 817 And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts
against his neighbour and love no false oath for all these are
things that I hate saith the LORD

818 And the word of the LORD of hosts came unto me saying 819 Thus
saith the LORD of hosts The fast of the fourth month and the fast of
the fifth and the fast of the seventh and the fast of the tenth
shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness and cheerful feasts
therefore love the truth and peace

820 Thus saith the LORD of hosts It shall yet come to pass that
there shall come people and the inhabitants of many cities 821 And
the inhabitants of one city shall go to another saying Let us go
speedily to pray before the LORD and to seek the LORD of hosts I
will go also

822 Yea many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD
of hosts in Jerusalem and to pray before the LORD

823 Thus saith the LORD of hosts In those days it shall come to
pass that ten men shall take hold out of all languages of the
nations even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew
saying We will go with you for we have heard that God is with you

91 The burden of the word of the LORD in the land of Hadrach and
Damascus shall be the rest thereof when the eyes of man as of all
the tribes of Israel shall be toward the LORD

92 And Hamath also shall border thereby Tyrus and Zidon though it
be very wise

93 And Tyrus did build herself a strong hold and heaped up silver as
the dust and fine gold as the mire of the streets

94 Behold the LORD will cast her out and he will smite her power in
the sea and she shall be devoured with fire

95 Ashkelon shall see it and fear Gaza also shall see it and be
very sorrowful and Ekron for her expectation shall be ashamed and
the king shall perish from Gaza and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited

96 And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod and I will cut off the pride
of the Philistines

97 And I will take away his blood out of his mouth and his
abominations from between his teeth but he that remaineth even he
shall be for our God and he shall be as a governor in Judah and
Ekron as a Jebusite

98 And I will encamp about mine house because of the army because of
him that passeth by and because of him that returneth and no
oppressor shall pass through them any more for now have I seen with
mine eyes

99 Rejoice greatly O daughter of Zion shout O daughter of
Jerusalem behold thy King cometh unto thee he is just and having
salvation lowly and riding upon an ass and upon a colt the foal of
an ass

910 And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim and the horse from
Jerusalem and the battle bow shall be cut off and he shall speak
peace unto the heathen and his dominion shall be from sea even to
sea and from the river even to the ends of the earth

911 As for thee also by the blood of thy covenant I have sent forth
thy prisoners out of the pit wherein is no water

912 Turn you to the strong hold ye prisoners of hope even to day do
I declare that I will render double unto thee 913 When I have bent
Judah for me filled the bow with Ephraim and raised up thy sons O
Zion against thy sons O Greece and made thee as the sword of a
mighty man

914 And the LORD shall be seen over them and his arrow shall go
forth as the lightning and the LORD God shall blow the trumpet and
shall go with whirlwinds of the south

915 The LORD of hosts shall defend them and they shall devour and
subdue with sling stones and they shall drink and make a noise as
through wine and they shall be filled like bowls and as the corners
of the altar

916 And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock
of his people for they shall be as the stones of a crown lifted up
as an ensign upon his land

917 For how great is his goodness and how great is his beauty corn
shall make the young men cheerful and new wine the maids

101 Ask ye of the LORD rain in the time of the latter rain so the
LORD shall make bright clouds and give them showers of rain to every
one grass in the field

102 For the idols have spoken vanity and the diviners have seen a
lie and have told false dreams they comfort in vain therefore they
