went their way as a flock they were troubled because there was no
shepherd

103 Mine anger was kindled against the shepherds and I punished the
goats for the LORD of hosts hath visited his flock the house of
Judah and hath made them as his goodly horse in the battle

104 Out of him came forth the corner out of him the nail out of him
the battle bow out of him every oppressor together

105 And they shall be as mighty men which tread down their enemies
in the mire of the streets in the battle and they shall fight
because the LORD is with them and the riders on horses shall be
confounded

106 And I will strengthen the house of Judah and I will save the
house of Joseph and I will bring them again to place them for I have
mercy upon them and they shall be as though I had not cast them off
for I am the LORD their God and will hear them

107 And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man and their heart
shall rejoice as through wine yea their children shall see it and
be glad their heart shall rejoice in the LORD

108 I will hiss for them and gather them for I have redeemed them
and they shall increase as they have increased

109 And I will sow them among the people and they shall remember me
in far countries and they shall live with their children and turn
again

1010 I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt and
gather them out of Assyria and I will bring them into the land of
Gilead and Lebanon and place shall not be found for them

1011 And he shall pass through the sea with affliction and shall
smite the waves in the sea and all the deeps of the river shall dry
up and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down and the sceptre of
Egypt shall depart away

1012 And I will strengthen them in the LORD and they shall walk up
and down in his name saith the LORD

111 Open thy doors O Lebanon that the fire may devour thy cedars

112 Howl fir tree for the cedar is fallen because the mighty are
spoiled howl O ye oaks of Bashan for the forest of the vintage is
come down

113 There is a voice of the howling of the shepherds for their glory
is spoiled a voice of the roaring of young lions for the pride of
Jordan is spoiled

114 Thus saith the LORD my God Feed the flock of the slaughter 115
Whose possessors slay them and hold themselves not guilty and they
that sell them say Blessed be the LORD for I am rich and their own
shepherds pity them not

116 For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land saith the
LORD but lo I will deliver the men every one into his neighbours
hand and into the hand of his king and they shall smite the land
and out of their hand I will not deliver them

117 And I will feed the flock of slaughter even you O poor of the
flock And I took unto me two staves the one I called Beauty and the
other I called Bands and I fed the flock

118 Three shepherds also I cut off in one month and my soul lothed
them and their soul also abhorred me

119 Then said I I will not feed you that that dieth let it die
and that that is to be cut off let it be cut off and let the rest
eat every one the flesh of another

1110 And I took my staff even Beauty and cut it asunder that I
might break my covenant which I had made with all the people

1111 And it was broken in that day and so the poor of the flock that
waited upon me knew that it was the word of the LORD

1112 And I said unto them If ye think good give me my price and if
not forbear So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver

1113 And the LORD said unto me Cast it unto the potter a goodly
price that I was prised at of them And I took the thirty pieces of
silver and cast them to the potter in the house of the LORD

1114 Then I cut asunder mine other staff even Bands that I might
break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel

1115 And the LORD said unto me Take unto thee yet the instruments of
a foolish shepherd

1116 For lo I will raise up a shepherd in the land which shall not
visit those that be cut off neither shall seek the young one nor
heal that that is broken nor feed that that standeth still but he
shall eat the flesh of the fat and tear their claws in pieces

1117 Woe to the idol shepherd that leaveth the flock the sword shall
be upon his arm and upon his right eye his arm shall be clean dried
