staves for the workman is worthy of his meat

1011 And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter enquire who in
it is worthy and there abide till ye go thence

1012 And when ye come into an house salute it

1013 And if the house be worthy let your peace come upon it but if
it be not worthy let your peace return to you

1014 And whosoever shall not receive you nor hear your words when
ye depart out of that house or city shake off the dust of your feet

1015 Verily I say unto you It shall be more tolerable for the land
of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment than for that city

1016 Behold I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves be ye
therefore wise as serpents and harmless as doves

1017 But beware of men for they will deliver you up to the councils
and they will scourge you in their synagogues 1018 And ye shall be
brought before governors and kings for my sake for a testimony
against them and the Gentiles

1019 But when they deliver you up take no thought how or what ye
shall speak for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall
speak

1020 For it is not ye that speak but the Spirit of your Father which
speaketh in you

1021 And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death and the
father the child and the children shall rise up against their
parents and cause them to be put to death

1022 And ye shall be hated of all men for my names sake but he that
endureth to the end shall be saved

1023 But when they persecute you in this city flee ye into another
for verily I say unto you Ye shall not have gone over the cities of
Israel till the Son of man be come

1024 The disciple is not above his master nor the servant above his
lord

1025 It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master and the
servant as his lord If they have called the master of the house
Beelzebub how much more shall they call them of his household  1026
Fear them not therefore for there is nothing covered that shall not
be revealed and hid that shall not be known

1027 What I tell you in darkness that speak ye in light and what ye
hear in the ear that preach ye upon the housetops

1028 And fear not them which kill the body but are not able to kill
the soul but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and
body in hell

1029 Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing and one of them shall
not fall on the ground without your Father

1030 But the very hairs of your head are all numbered

1031 Fear ye not therefore ye are of more value than many sparrows

1032 Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men him will I
confess also before my Father which is in heaven

1033 But whosoever shall deny me before men him will I also deny
before my Father which is in heaven

1034 Think not that I am come to send peace on earth I came not to
send peace but a sword

1035 For I am come to set a man at variance against his father and
the daughter against her mother and the daughter in law against her
mother in law

1036 And a mans foes shall be they of his own household

1037 He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of
me and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of
me

1038 And he that taketh not his cross and followeth after me is not
worthy of me

1039 He that findeth his life shall lose it and he that loseth his
life for my sake shall find it

1040 He that receiveth you receiveth me and he that receiveth me
receiveth him that sent me

1041 He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall
receive a prophets reward and he that receiveth a righteous man in
the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous mans reward

1042 And whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones
a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple verily I say unto
you he shall in no wise lose his reward
