
143 For Herod had laid hold on John and bound him and put him in
prison for Herodias sake his brother Philips wife

144 For John said unto him It is not lawful for thee to have her

145 And when he would have put him to death he feared the multitude
because they counted him as a prophet

146 But when Herods birthday was kept the daughter of Herodias
danced before them and pleased Herod

147 Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she
would ask

148 And she being before instructed of her mother said Give me
here John Baptists head in a charger

149 And the king was sorry nevertheless for the oaths sake and
them which sat with him at meat he commanded it to be given her

1410 And he sent and beheaded John in the prison

1411 And his head was brought in a charger and given to the damsel
and she brought it to her mother

1412 And his disciples came and took up the body and buried it and
went and told Jesus

1413 When Jesus heard of it he departed thence by ship into a desert
place apart and when the people had heard thereof they followed him
on foot out of the cities

1414 And Jesus went forth and saw a great multitude and was moved
with compassion toward them and he healed their sick

1415 And when it was evening his disciples came to him saying This
is a desert place and the time is now past send the multitude away
that they may go into the villages and buy themselves victuals

1416 But Jesus said unto them They need not depart give ye them to
eat

1417 And they say unto him We have here but five loaves and two
fishes

1418 He said Bring them hither to me

1419 And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass and
took the five loaves and the two fishes and looking up to heaven he
blessed and brake and gave the loaves to his disciples and the
disciples to the multitude

1420 And they did all eat and were filled and they took up of the
fragments that remained twelve baskets full

1421 And they that had eaten were about five thousand men beside
women and children

1422 And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a
ship and to go before him unto the other side while he sent the
multitudes away

1423 And when he had sent the multitudes away he went up into a
mountain apart to pray and when the evening was come he was there
alone

1424 But the ship was now in the midst of the sea tossed with waves
for the wind was contrary

1425 And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went unto them
walking on the sea

1426 And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea they were
troubled saying It is a spirit and they cried out for fear

1427 But straightway Jesus spake unto them saying Be of good cheer
it is I be not afraid

1428 And Peter answered him and said Lord if it be thou bid me
come unto thee on the water

1429 And he said Come And when Peter was come down out of the ship
he walked on the water to go to Jesus

1430 But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid and
beginning to sink he cried saying Lord save me

1431 And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand and caught him
and said unto him O thou of little faith wherefore didst thou doubt
1432 And when they were come into the ship the wind ceased

1433 Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped him saying
Of a truth thou art the Son of God

1434 And when they were gone over they came into the land of
Gennesaret

1435 And when the men of that place had knowledge of him they sent
out into all that country round about and brought unto him all that
