saith unto the disciples Sit ye here while I go and pray yonder

2637 And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee and
began to be sorrowful and very heavy

2638 Then saith he unto them My soul is exceeding sorrowful even
unto death tarry ye here and watch with me

2639 And he went a little farther and fell on his face and prayed
saying O my Father if it be possible let this cup pass from me
nevertheless not as I will but as thou wilt

2640 And he cometh unto the disciples and findeth them asleep and
saith unto Peter What could ye not watch with me one hour  2641
Watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation the spirit indeed
is willing but the flesh is weak

2642 He went away again the second time and prayed saying O my
Father if this cup may not pass away from me except I drink it thy
will be done

2643 And he came and found them asleep again for their eyes were
heavy

2644 And he left them and went away again and prayed the third
time saying the same words

2645 Then cometh he to his disciples and saith unto them Sleep on
now and take your rest behold the hour is at hand and the Son of
man is betrayed into the hands of sinners

2646 Rise let us be going behold he is at hand that doth betray
me

2647 And while he yet spake lo Judas one of the twelve came and
with him a great multitude with swords and staves from the chief
priests and elders of the people

2648 Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign saying Whomsoever I
shall kiss that same is he hold him fast

2649 And forthwith he came to Jesus and said Hail master and
kissed him

2650 And Jesus said unto him Friend wherefore art thou come Then
came they and laid hands on Jesus and took him

2651 And behold one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his
hand and drew his sword and struck a servant of the high priests
and smote off his ear

2652 Then said Jesus unto him Put up again thy sword into his place
for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword

2653 Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father and he shall
presently give me more than twelve legions of angels  2654 But how
then shall the scriptures be fulfilled that thus it must be  2655
In that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes Are ye come out as
against a thief with swords and staves for to take me I sat daily
with you teaching in the temple and ye laid no hold on me

2656 But all this was done that the scriptures of the prophets might
be fulfilled Then all the disciples forsook him and fled

2657 And they that had laid hold on Jesus led him away to Caiaphas
the high priest where the scribes and the elders were assembled

2658 But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priests palace
and went in and sat with the servants to see the end

2659 Now the chief priests and elders and all the council sought
false witness against Jesus to put him to death 2660 But found
none yea though many false witnesses came yet found they none At
the last came two false witnesses 2661 And said This fellow said I
am able to destroy the temple of God and to build it in three days

2662 And the high priest arose and said unto him Answerest thou
nothing what is it which these witness against thee  2663 But Jesus
held his peace And the high priest answered and said unto him I
adjure thee by the living God that thou tell us whether thou be the
Christ the Son of God

2664 Jesus saith unto him Thou hast said nevertheless I say unto
you Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand
of power and coming in the clouds of heaven

2665 Then the high priest rent his clothes saying He hath spoken
blasphemy what further need have we of witnesses behold now ye have
heard his blasphemy

2666 What think ye They answered and said He is guilty of death

2667 Then did they spit in his face and buffeted him and others
smote him with the palms of their hands 2668 Saying Prophesy unto
us thou Christ Who is he that smote thee  2669 Now Peter sat
without in the palace and a damsel came unto him saying Thou also
wast with Jesus of Galilee

2670 But he denied before them all saying I know not what thou
sayest
