113 And if any man say unto you Why do ye this say ye that the Lord
hath need of him and straightway he will send him hither

114 And they went their way and found the colt tied by the door
without in a place where two ways met and they loose him

115 And certain of them that stood there said unto them What do ye
loosing the colt  116 And they said unto them even as Jesus had
commanded and they let them go

117 And they brought the colt to Jesus and cast their garments on
him and he sat upon him

118 And many spread their garments in the way and others cut down
branches off the trees and strawed them in the way

119 And they that went before and they that followed cried saying
Hosanna Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord 1110
Blessed be the kingdom of our father David that cometh in the name of
the Lord Hosanna in the highest

1111 And Jesus entered into Jerusalem and into the temple and when
he had looked round about upon all things and now the eventide was
come he went out unto Bethany with the twelve

1112 And on the morrow when they were come from Bethany he was
hungry 1113 And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves he came
if haply he might find any thing thereon and when he came to it he
found nothing but leaves for the time of figs was not yet

1114 And Jesus answered and said unto it No man eat fruit of thee
hereafter for ever And his disciples heard it

1115 And they come to Jerusalem and Jesus went into the temple and
began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple and
overthrew the tables of the moneychangers and the seats of them that
sold doves 1116 And would not suffer that any man should carry any
vessel through the temple

1117 And he taught saying unto them Is it not written My house
shall be called of all nations the house of prayer but ye have made
it a den of thieves

1118 And the scribes and chief priests heard it and sought how they
might destroy him for they feared him because all the people was
astonished at his doctrine

1119 And when even was come he went out of the city

1120 And in the morning as they passed by they saw the fig tree
dried up from the roots

1121 And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him Master behold
the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away

1122 And Jesus answering saith unto them Have faith in God

1123 For verily I say unto you That whosoever shall say unto this
mountain Be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea and shall
not doubt in his heart but shall believe that those things which he
saith shall come to pass he shall have whatsoever he saith

1124 Therefore I say unto you What things soever ye desire when ye
pray believe that ye receive them and ye shall have them

1125 And when ye stand praying forgive if ye have ought against
any that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your
trespasses

1126 But if ye do not forgive neither will your Father which is in
heaven forgive your trespasses

1127 And they come again to Jerusalem and as he was walking in the
temple there come to him the chief priests and the scribes and the
elders 1128 And say unto him By what authority doest thou these
things and who gave thee this authority to do these things  1129
And Jesus answered and said unto them I will also ask of you one
question and answer me and I will tell you by what authority I do
these things

1130 The baptism of John was it from heaven or of men answer me

1131 And they reasoned with themselves saying If we shall say From
heaven he will say Why then did ye not believe him  1132 But if we
shall say Of men they feared the people for all men counted John
that he was a prophet indeed

1133 And they answered and said unto Jesus We cannot tell And Jesus
answering saith unto them Neither do I tell you by what authority I
do these things

121 And he began to speak unto them by parables A certain man
planted a vineyard and set an hedge about it and digged a place for
the winefat and built a tower and let it out to husbandmen and went
into a far country

122 And at the season he sent to the husbandmen a servant that he
might receive from the husbandmen of the fruit of the vineyard

123 And they caught him and beat him and sent him away empty
