
1328 Now learn a parable of the fig tree When her branch is yet
tender and putteth forth leaves ye know that summer is near 1329
So ye in like manner when ye shall see these things come to pass
know that it is nigh even at the doors

1330 Verily I say unto you that this generation shall not pass till
all these things be done

1331 Heaven and earth shall pass away but my words shall not pass
away

1332 But of that day and that hour knoweth no man no not the angels
which are in heaven neither the Son but the Father

1333 Take ye heed watch and pray for ye know not when the time is

1334 For the Son of Man is as a man taking a far journey who left
his house and gave authority to his servants and to every man his
work and commanded the porter to watch

1335 Watch ye therefore for ye know not when the master of the house
cometh at even or at midnight or at the cockcrowing or in the
morning 1336 Lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping

1337 And what I say unto you I say unto all Watch

141 After two days was the feast of the passover and of unleavened
bread and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might
take him by craft and put him to death

142 But they said Not on the feast day lest there be an uproar of
the people

143 And being in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper as he sat
at meat there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of
spikenard very precious and she brake the box and poured it on his
head

144 And there were some that had indignation within themselves and
said Why was this waste of the ointment made  145 For it might have
been sold for more than three hundred pence and have been given to
the poor And they murmured against her

146 And Jesus said Let her alone why trouble ye her she hath
wrought a good work on me

147 For ye have the poor with you always and whensoever ye will ye
may do them good but me ye have not always

148 She hath done what she could she is come aforehand to anoint my
body to the burying

149 Verily I say unto you Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached
throughout the whole world this also that she hath done shall be
spoken of for a memorial of her

1410 And Judas Iscariot one of the twelve went unto the chief
priests to betray him unto them

1411 And when they heard it they were glad and promised to give him
money And he sought how he might conveniently betray him

1412 And the first day of unleavened bread when they killed the
passover his disciples said unto him Where wilt thou that we go and
prepare that thou mayest eat the passover  1413 And he sendeth forth
two of his disciples and saith unto them Go ye into the city and
there shall meet you a man bearing a pitcher of water follow him

1414 And wheresoever he shall go in say ye to the goodman of the
house The Master saith Where is the guestchamber where I shall eat
the passover with my disciples  1415 And he will shew you a large
upper room furnished and prepared there make ready for us

1416 And his disciples went forth and came into the city and found
as he had said unto them and they made ready the passover

1417 And in the evening he cometh with the twelve

1418 And as they sat and did eat Jesus said Verily I say unto you
One of you which eateth with me shall betray me

1419 And they began to be sorrowful and to say unto him one by one
Is it I and another said Is it I  1420 And he answered and said
unto them It is one of the twelve that dippeth with me in the dish

1421 The Son of man indeed goeth as it is written of him but woe to
that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed good were it for that man
if he had never been born

1422 And as they did eat Jesus took bread and blessed and brake
it and gave to them and said Take eat this is my body

1423 And he took the cup and when he had given thanks he gave it to
them and they all drank of it

1424 And he said unto them This is my blood of the new testament
which is shed for many

1425 Verily I say unto you I will drink no more of the fruit of the
