
818 Take heed therefore how ye hear for whosoever hath to him shall
be given and whosoever hath not from him shall be taken even that
which he seemeth to have

819 Then came to him his mother and his brethren and could not come
at him for the press

820 And it was told him by certain which said Thy mother and thy
brethren stand without desiring to see thee

821 And he answered and said unto them My mother and my brethren are
these which hear the word of God and do it

822 Now it came to pass on a certain day that he went into a ship
with his disciples and he said unto them Let us go over unto the
other side of the lake And they launched forth

823 But as they sailed he fell asleep and there came down a storm of
wind on the lake and they were filled with water and were in
jeopardy

824 And they came to him and awoke him saying Master master we
perish Then he arose and rebuked the wind and the raging of the
water and they ceased and there was a calm

825 And he said unto them Where is your faith And they being afraid
wondered saying one to another What manner of man is this for he
commandeth even the winds and water and they obey him

826 And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes which is over
against Galilee

827 And when he went forth to land there met him out of the city a
certain man which had devils long time and ware no clothes neither
abode in any house but in the tombs

828 When he saw Jesus he cried out and fell down before him and
with a loud voice said What have I to do with thee Jesus thou Son
of God most high I beseech thee torment me not

829 For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man
For oftentimes it had caught him and he was kept bound with chains
and in fetters and he brake the bands and was driven of the devil
into the wilderness  830 And Jesus asked him saying What is thy
name And he said Legion because many devils were entered into him

831 And they besought him that he would not command them to go out
into the deep

832 And there was there an herd of many swine feeding on the
mountain and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter
into them And he suffered them

833 Then went the devils out of the man and entered into the swine
and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake and were
choked

834 When they that fed them saw what was done they fled and went
and told it in the city and in the country

835 Then they went out to see what was done and came to Jesus and
found the man out of whom the devils were departed sitting at the
feet of Jesus clothed and in his right mind and they were afraid

836 They also which saw it told them by what means he that was
possessed of the devils was healed

837 Then the whole multitude of the country of the Gadarenes round
about besought him to depart from them for they were taken with great
fear and he went up into the ship and returned back again

838 Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him
that he might be with him but Jesus sent him away saying 839
Return to thine own house and shew how great things God hath done
unto thee And he went his way and published throughout the whole
city how great things Jesus had done unto him

840 And it came to pass that when Jesus was returned the people
gladly received him for they were all waiting for him

841 And behold there came a man named Jairus and he was a ruler of
the synagogue and he fell down at Jesus feet and besought him that
he would come into his house 842 For he had one only daughter about
twelve years of age and she lay a dying But as he went the people
thronged him

843 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years which had
spent all her living upon physicians neither could be healed of any
844 Came behind him and touched the border of his garment and
immediately her issue of blood stanched

845 And Jesus said Who touched me When all denied Peter and they
that were with him said Master the multitude throng thee and press
thee and sayest thou Who touched me  846 And Jesus said Somebody
hath touched me for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me

847 And when the woman saw that she was not hid she came trembling
and falling down before him she declared unto him before all the
people for what cause she had touched him and how she was healed
