1230 For all these things do the nations of the world seek after and
your Father knoweth that ye have need of these things

1231 But rather seek ye the kingdom of God and all these things
shall be added unto you

1232 Fear not little flock for it is your Fathers good pleasure to
give you the kingdom

1233 Sell that ye have and give alms provide yourselves bags which
wax not old a treasure in the heavens that faileth not where no
thief approacheth neither moth corrupteth

1234 For where your treasure is there will your heart be also

1235 Let your loins be girded about and your lights burning 1236
And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord when he will
return from the wedding that when he cometh and knocketh they may
open unto him immediately

1237 Blessed are those servants whom the lord when he cometh shall
find watching verily I say unto you that he shall gird himself and
make them to sit down to meat and will come forth and serve them

1238 And if he shall come in the second watch or come in the third
watch and find them so blessed are those servants

1239 And this know that if the goodman of the house had known what
hour the thief would come he would have watched and not have
suffered his house to be broken through

1240 Be ye therefore ready also for the Son of man cometh at an hour
when ye think not

1241 Then Peter said unto him Lord speakest thou this parable unto
us or even to all  1242 And the Lord said Who then is that
faithful and wise steward whom his lord shall make ruler over his
household to give them their portion of meat in due season  1243
Blessed is that servant whom his lord when he cometh shall find so
doing

1244 Of a truth I say unto you that he will make him ruler over all
that he hath

1245 But and if that servant say in his heart My lord delayeth his
coming and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens and to
eat and drink and to be drunken 1246 The lord of that servant will
come in a day when he looketh not for him and at an hour when he is
not aware and will cut him in sunder and will appoint him his
portion with the unbelievers

1247 And that servant which knew his lords will and prepared not
himself neither did according to his will shall be beaten with many
stripes

1248 But he that knew not and did commit things worthy of stripes
shall be beaten with few stripes For unto whomsoever much is given
of him shall be much required and to whom men have committed much of
him they will ask the more

1249 I am come to send fire on the earth and what will I if it be
already kindled  1250 But I have a baptism to be baptized with and
how am I straitened till it be accomplished  1251 Suppose ye that I
am come to give peace on earth I tell you Nay but rather division
1252 For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided
three against two and two against three

1253 The father shall be divided against the son and the son against
the father the mother against the daughter and the daughter against
the mother the mother in law against her daughter in law and the
daughter in law against her mother in law

1254 And he said also to the people When ye see a cloud rise out of
the west straightway ye say There cometh a shower and so it is

1255 And when ye see the south wind blow ye say There will be heat
and it cometh to pass

1256 Ye hypocrites ye can discern the face of the sky and of the
earth but how is it that ye do not discern this time  1257 Yea and
why even of yourselves judge ye not what is right  1258 When thou
goest with thine adversary to the magistrate as thou art in the way
give diligence that thou mayest be delivered from him lest he hale
thee to the judge and the judge deliver thee to the officer and the
officer cast thee into prison

1259 I tell thee thou shalt not depart thence till thou hast paid
the very last mite

131 There were present at that season some that told him of the
Galilaeans whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices

132 And Jesus answering said unto them Suppose ye that these
Galilaeans were sinners above all the Galilaeans because they
suffered such things  133 I tell you Nay but except ye repent ye
shall all likewise perish

134 Or those eighteen upon whom the tower in Siloam fell and slew
them think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in
Jerusalem  135 I tell you Nay but except ye repent ye shall all
