with their wings over the mercy seat with their faces one to another
even to the mercy seatward were the faces of the cherubims

3710 And he made the table of shittim wood two cubits was the length
thereof and a cubit the breadth thereof and a cubit and a half the
height thereof 3711 And he overlaid it with pure gold and made
thereunto a crown of gold round about

3712 Also he made thereunto a border of an handbreadth round about
and made a crown of gold for the border thereof round about

3713 And he cast for it four rings of gold and put the rings upon
the four corners that were in the four feet thereof

3714 Over against the border were the rings the places for the
staves to bear the table

3715 And he made the staves of shittim wood and overlaid them with
gold to bear the table

3716 And he made the vessels which were upon the table his dishes
and his spoons and his bowls and his covers to cover withal of pure
gold

3717 And he made the candlestick of pure gold of beaten work made he
the candlestick his shaft and his branch his bowls his knops and
his flowers were of the same 3718 And six branches going out of the
sides thereof three branches of the candlestick out of the one side
thereof and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side
thereof 3719 Three bowls made after the fashion of almonds in one
branch a knop and a flower and three bowls made like almonds in
another branch a knop and a flower so throughout the six branches
going out of the candlestick

3720 And in the candlestick were four bowls made like almonds his
knops and his flowers 3721 And a knop under two branches of the
same and a knop under two branches of the same and a knop under two
branches of the same according to the six branches going out of it

3722 Their knops and their branches were of the same all of it was
one beaten work of pure gold

3723 And he made his seven lamps and his snuffers and his
snuffdishes of pure gold

3724 Of a talent of pure gold made he it and all the vessels
thereof

3725 And he made the incense altar of shittim wood the length of it
was a cubit and the breadth of it a cubit it was foursquare and two
cubits was the height of it the horns thereof were of the same

3726 And he overlaid it with pure gold both the top of it and the
sides thereof round about and the horns of it also he made unto it a
crown of gold round about

3727 And he made two rings of gold for it under the crown thereof by
the two corners of it upon the two sides thereof to be places for
the staves to bear it withal

3728 And he made the staves of shittim wood and overlaid them with
gold

3729 And he made the holy anointing oil and the pure incense of
sweet spices according to the work of the apothecary

381 And he made the altar of burnt offering of shittim wood five
cubits was the length thereof and five cubits the breadth thereof it
was foursquare and three cubits the height thereof

382 And he made the horns thereof on the four corners of it the
horns thereof were of the same and he overlaid it with brass

383 And he made all the vessels of the altar the pots and the
shovels and the basons and the fleshhooks and the firepans all the
vessels thereof made he of brass

384 And he made for the altar a brasen grate of network under the
compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it

385 And he cast four rings for the four ends of the grate of brass
to be places for the staves

386 And he made the staves of shittim wood and overlaid them with
brass

387 And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar
to bear it withal he made the altar hollow with boards

388 And he made the laver of brass and the foot of it of brass of
the lookingglasses of the women assembling which assembled at the
door of the tabernacle of the congregation

389 And he made the court on the south side southward the hangings
of the court were of fine twined linen an hundred cubits 3810 Their
pillars were twenty and their brasen sockets twenty the hooks of the
pillars and their fillets were of silver

3811 And for the north side the hangings were an hundred cubits
their pillars were twenty and their sockets of brass twenty the
