187 And shall not God avenge his own elect which cry day and night
unto him though he bear long with them  188 I tell you that he will
avenge them speedily Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh shall
he find faith on the earth  189 And he spake this parable unto
certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous and
despised others 1810 Two men went up into the temple to pray the
one a Pharisee and the other a publican

1811 The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself God I thank
thee that I am not as other men are extortioners unjust
adulterers or even as this publican

1812 I fast twice in the week I give tithes of all that I possess

1813 And the publican standing afar off would not lift up so much
as his eyes unto heaven but smote upon his breast saying God be
merciful to me a sinner

1814 I tell you this man went down to his house justified rather
than the other for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased
and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted

1815 And they brought unto him also infants that he would touch
them but when his disciples saw it they rebuked them

1816 But Jesus called them unto him and said Suffer little children
to come unto me and forbid them not for of such is the kingdom of
God

1817 Verily I say unto you Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom
of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein

1818 And a certain ruler asked him saying Good Master what shall I
do to inherit eternal life  1819 And Jesus said unto him Why
callest thou me good none is good save one that is God

1820 Thou knowest the commandments Do not commit adultery Do not
kill Do not steal Do not bear false witness Honour thy father and
thy mother

1821 And he said All these have I kept from my youth up

1822 Now when Jesus heard these things he said unto him Yet lackest
thou one thing sell all that thou hast and distribute unto the poor
and thou shalt have treasure in heaven and come follow me

1823 And when he heard this he was very sorrowful for he was very
rich

1824 And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful he said How
hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God
1825 For it is easier for a camel to go through a needles eye than
for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God

1826 And they that heard it said Who then can be saved  1827 And
he said The things which are impossible with men are possible with
God

1828 Then Peter said Lo we have left all and followed thee

1829 And he said unto them Verily I say unto you There is no man
that hath left house or parents or brethren or wife or children
for the kingdom of Gods sake 1830 Who shall not receive manifold
more in this present time and in the world to come life everlasting

1831 Then he took unto him the twelve and said unto them Behold we
go up to Jerusalem and all things that are written by the prophets
concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished

1832 For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles and shall be
mocked and spitefully entreated and spitted on 1833 And they shall
scourge him and put him to death and the third day he shall rise
again

1834 And they understood none of these things and this saying was
hid from them neither knew they the things which were spoken

1835 And it came to pass that as he was come nigh unto Jericho a
certain blind man sat by the way side begging 1836 And hearing the
multitude pass by he asked what it meant

1837 And they told him that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by

1838 And he cried saying Jesus thou son of David have mercy on
me

1839 And they which went before rebuked him that he should hold his
peace but he cried so much the more Thou son of David have mercy on
me

1840 And Jesus stood and commanded him to be brought unto him and
when he was come near he asked him 1841 Saying What wilt thou that
I shall do unto thee And he said Lord that I may receive my sight

1842 And Jesus said unto him Receive thy sight thy faith hath saved
thee

1843 And immediately he received his sight and followed him
glorifying God and all the people when they saw it gave praise unto
God
