the colt and they set Jesus thereon

1936 And as he went they spread their clothes in the way

1937 And when he was come nigh even now at the descent of the mount
of Olives the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and
praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had
seen 1938 Saying Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the
Lord peace in heaven and glory in the highest

1939 And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto
him Master rebuke thy disciples

1940 And he answered and said unto them I tell you that if these
should hold their peace the stones would immediately cry out

1941 And when he was come near he beheld the city and wept over it
1942 Saying If thou hadst known even thou at least in this thy
day the things which belong unto thy peace but now they are hid from
thine eyes

1943 For the days shall come upon thee that thine enemies shall cast
a trench about thee and compass thee round and keep thee in on every
side 1944 And shall lay thee even with the ground and thy children
within thee and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another
because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation

1945 And he went into the temple and began to cast out them that
sold therein and them that bought 1946 Saying unto them It is
written My house is the house of prayer but ye have made it a den of
thieves

1947 And he taught daily in the temple But the chief priests and the
scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him 1948 And
could not find what they might do for all the people were very
attentive to hear him

201 And it came to pass that on one of those days as he taught the
people in the temple and preached the gospel the chief priests and
the scribes came upon him with the elders 202 And spake unto him
saying Tell us by what authority doest thou these things or who is
he that gave thee this authority  203 And he answered and said unto
them I will also ask you one thing and answer me 204 The baptism
of John was it from heaven or of men  205 And they reasoned with
themselves saying If we shall say From heaven he will say Why
then believed ye him not  206 But and if we say Of men all the
people will stone us for they be persuaded that John was a prophet

207 And they answered that they could not tell whence it was

208 And Jesus said unto them Neither tell I you by what authority I
do these things

209 Then began he to speak to the people this parable A certain man
planted a vineyard and let it forth to husbandmen and went into a
far country for a long time

2010 And at the season he sent a servant to the husbandmen that they
should give him of the fruit of the vineyard but the husbandmen beat
him and sent him away empty

2011 And again he sent another servant and they beat him also and
entreated him shamefully and sent him away empty

2012 And again he sent a third and they wounded him also and cast
him out

2013 Then said the lord of the vineyard What shall I do I will send
my beloved son it may be they will reverence him when they see him

2014 But when the husbandmen saw him they reasoned among themselves
saying This is the heir come let us kill him that the inheritance
may be ours

2015 So they cast him out of the vineyard and killed him What
therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them  2016 He shall
come and destroy these husbandmen and shall give the vineyard to
others And when they heard it they said God forbid

2017 And he beheld them and said What is this then that is written
The stone which the builders rejected the same is become the head of
the corner  2018 Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be
broken but on whomsoever it shall fall it will grind him to powder

2019 And the chief priests and the scribes the same hour sought to
lay hands on him and they feared the people for they perceived that
he had spoken this parable against them

2020 And they watched him and sent forth spies which should feign
themselves just men that they might take hold of his words that so
they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor

2021 And they asked him saying Master we know that thou sayest and
teachest rightly neither acceptest thou the person of any but
teachest the way of God truly 2022 Is it lawful for us to give
tribute unto Caesar or no  2023 But he perceived their craftiness
and said unto them Why tempt ye me  2024 Shew me a penny Whose
image and superscription hath it They answered and said Caesars

2025 And he said unto them Render therefore unto Caesar the things
