
312 If I have told you earthly things and ye believe not how shall
ye believe if I tell you of heavenly things  313 And no man hath
ascended up to heaven but he that came down from heaven even the Son
of man which is in heaven

314 And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness even so
must the Son of man be lifted up 315 That whosoever believeth in him
should not perish but have eternal life

316 For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son
that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have
everlasting life

317 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world but
that the world through him might be saved

318 He that believeth on him is not condemned but he that believeth
not is condemned already because he hath not believed in the name of
the only begotten Son of God

319 And this is the condemnation that light is come into the world
and men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were
evil

320 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light neither cometh to
the light lest his deeds should be reproved

321 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light that his deeds may
be made manifest that they are wrought in God

322 After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of
Judaea and there he tarried with them and baptized

323 And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim because there
was much water there and they came and were baptized

324 For John was not yet cast into prison

325 Then there arose a question between some of Johns disciples and
the Jews about purifying

326 And they came unto John and said unto him Rabbi he that was
with thee beyond Jordan to whom thou barest witness behold the same
baptizeth and all men come to him

327 John answered and said A man can receive nothing except it be
given him from heaven

328 Ye yourselves bear me witness that I said I am not the Christ
but that I am sent before him

329 He that hath the bride is the bridegroom but the friend of the
bridegroom which standeth and heareth him rejoiceth greatly because
of the bridegrooms voice this my joy therefore is fulfilled

330 He must increase but I must decrease

331 He that cometh from above is above all he that is of the earth
is earthly and speaketh of the earth he that cometh from heaven is
above all

332 And what he hath seen and heard that he testifieth and no man
receiveth his testimony

333 He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God
is true

334 For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God for God
giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him

335 The Father loveth the Son and hath given all things into his
hand

336 He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life and he that
believeth not the Son shall not see life but the wrath of God abideth
on him

41 When therefore the LORD knew how the Pharisees had heard that
Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John 42 Though Jesus
himself baptized not but his disciples 43 He left Judaea and
departed again into Galilee

44 And he must needs go through Samaria

45 Then cometh he to a city of Samaria which is called Sychar near
to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph

46 Now Jacobs well was there Jesus therefore being wearied with
his journey sat thus on the well and it was about the sixth hour

47 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water Jesus saith unto
her Give me to drink

48 For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat  49
Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him How is it that thou being a
Jew askest drink of me which am a woman of Samaria for the Jews
have no dealings with the Samaritans

410 Jesus answered and said unto her If thou knewest the gift of
