went unto him and besought him that he would come down and heal his
son for he was at the point of death

448 Then said Jesus unto him Except ye see signs and wonders ye
will not believe

449 The nobleman saith unto him Sir come down ere my child die

450 Jesus saith unto him Go thy way thy son liveth And the man
believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him and he went his way

451 And as he was now going down his servants met him and told him
saying Thy son liveth

452 Then enquired he of them the hour when he began to amend And
they said unto him Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him

453 So the father knew that it was at the same hour in the which
Jesus said unto him Thy son liveth and himself believed and his
whole house

454 This is again the second miracle that Jesus did when he was come
out of Judaea into Galilee

51 After this there was a feast of the Jews and Jesus went up to
Jerusalem

52 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool which is
called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda having five porches

53 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk of blind halt
withered waiting for the moving of the water

54 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool and
troubled the water whosoever then first after the troubling of the
water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had

55 And a certain man was there which had an infirmity thirty and
eight years

56 When Jesus saw him lie and knew that he had been now a long time
in that case he saith unto him Wilt thou be made whole  57 The
impotent man answered him Sir I have no man when the water is
troubled to put me into the pool but while I am coming another
steppeth down before me

58 Jesus saith unto him Rise take up thy bed and walk

59 And immediately the man was made whole and took up his bed and
walked and on the same day was the sabbath

510 The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured It is the
sabbath day it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed

511 He answered them He that made me whole the same said unto me
Take up thy bed and walk

512 Then asked they him What man is that which said unto thee Take
up thy bed and walk  513 And he that was healed wist not who it
was for Jesus had conveyed himself away a multitude being in that
place

514 Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple and said unto him
Behold thou art made whole sin no more lest a worse thing come unto
thee

515 The man departed and told the Jews that it was Jesus which had
made him whole

516 And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus and sought to slay
him because he had done these things on the sabbath day

517 But Jesus answered them My Father worketh hitherto and I work

518 Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him because he not
only had broken the sabbath but said also that God was his Father
making himself equal with God

519 Then answered Jesus and said unto them Verily verily I say
unto you The Son can do nothing of himself but what he seeth the
Father do for what things soever he doeth these also doeth the Son
likewise

520 For the Father loveth the Son and sheweth him all things that
himself doeth and he will shew him greater works than these that ye
may marvel

521 For as the Father raiseth up the dead and quickeneth them even
so the Son quickeneth whom he will

522 For the Father judgeth no man but hath committed all judgment
unto the Son 523 That all men should honour the Son even as they
honour the Father

He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent
him

524 Verily verily I say unto you He that heareth my word and
believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not
come into condemnation but is passed from death unto life
