647 Verily verily I say unto you He that believeth on me hath
everlasting life

648 I am that bread of life

649 Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness and are dead

650 This is the bread which cometh down from heaven that a man may
eat thereof and not die

651 I am the living bread which came down from heaven if any man eat
of this bread he shall live for ever and the bread that I will give
is my flesh which I will give for the life of the world

652 The Jews therefore strove among themselves saying How can this
man give us his flesh to eat  653 Then Jesus said unto them Verily
verily I say unto you Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man and
drink his blood ye have no life in you

654 Whoso eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood hath eternal life
and I will raise him up at the last day

655 For my flesh is meat indeed and my blood is drink indeed

656 He that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood dwelleth in me
and I in him

657 As the living Father hath sent me and I live by the Father so
he that eateth me even he shall live by me

658 This is that bread which came down from heaven not as your
fathers did eat manna and are dead he that eateth of this bread
shall live for ever

659 These things said he in the synagogue as he taught in Capernaum

660 Many therefore of his disciples when they had heard this said
This is an hard saying who can hear it  661 When Jesus knew in
himself that his disciples murmured at it he said unto them Doth
this offend you  662 What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend
up where he was before  663 It is the spirit that quickeneth the
flesh profiteth nothing the words that I speak unto you they are
spirit and they are life

664 But there are some of you that believe not For Jesus knew from
the beginning who they were that believed not and who should betray
him

665 And he said Therefore said I unto you that no man can come unto
me except it were given unto him of my Father

666 From that time many of his disciples went back and walked no
more with him

667 Then said Jesus unto the twelve Will ye also go away  668 Then
Simon Peter answered him Lord to whom shall we go thou hast the
words of eternal life

669 And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ the Son of
the living God

670 Jesus answered them Have not I chosen you twelve and one of you
is a devil  671 He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon for he
it was that should betray him being one of the twelve

71 After these things Jesus walked in Galilee for he would not walk
in Jewry because the Jews sought to kill him

72 Now the Jews feast of tabernacles was at hand

73 His brethren therefore said unto him Depart hence and go into
Judaea that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest

74 For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret and he himself
seeketh to be known openly If thou do these things shew thyself to
the world

75 For neither did his brethren believe in him

76 Then Jesus said unto them My time is not yet come but your time
is alway ready

77 The world cannot hate you but me it hateth because I testify of
it that the works thereof are evil

78 Go ye up unto this feast I go not up yet unto this feast for my
time is not yet full come

79 When he had said these words unto them he abode still in Galilee

710 But when his brethren were gone up then went he also up unto the
feast not openly but as it were in secret

711 Then the Jews sought him at the feast and said Where is he
712 And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him for
some said He is a good man others said Nay but he deceiveth the
people

713 Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews

