116 When he had heard therefore that he was sick he abode two days
still in the same place where he was

117 Then after that saith he to his disciples Let us go into Judaea
again

118 His disciples say unto him Master the Jews of late sought to
stone thee and goest thou thither again  119 Jesus answered Are
there not twelve hours in the day If any man walk in the day he
stumbleth not because he seeth the light of this world

1110 But if a man walk in the night he stumbleth because there is
no light in him

1111 These things said he and after that he saith unto them Our
friend Lazarus sleepeth but I go that I may awake him out of sleep

1112 Then said his disciples Lord if he sleep he shall do well

1113 Howbeit Jesus spake of his death but they thought that he had
spoken of taking of rest in sleep

1114 Then said Jesus unto them plainly Lazarus is dead

1115 And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there to the intent
ye may believe nevertheless let us go unto him

1116 Then said Thomas which is called Didymus unto his
fellowdisciples Let us also go that we may die with him

1117 Then when Jesus came he found that he had lain in the grave
four days already

1118 Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem about fifteen furlongs off
1119 And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary to comfort them
concerning their brother

1120 Then Martha as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming went
and met him but Mary sat still in the house

1121 Then said Martha unto Jesus Lord if thou hadst been here my
brother had not died

1122 But I know that even now whatsoever thou wilt ask of God God
will give it thee

1123 Jesus saith unto her Thy brother shall rise again

1124 Martha saith unto him I know that he shall rise again in the
resurrection at the last day

1125 Jesus said unto her I am the resurrection and the life he
that believeth in me though he were dead yet shall he live 1126
And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die Believest
thou this  1127 She saith unto him Yea Lord I believe that thou
art the Christ the Son of God which should come into the world

1128 And when she had so said she went her way and called Mary her
sister secretly saying The Master is come and calleth for thee

1129 As soon as she heard that she arose quickly and came unto him

1130 Now Jesus was not yet come into the town but was in that place
where Martha met him

1131 The Jews then which were with her in the house and comforted
her when they saw Mary that she rose up hastily and went out
followed her saying She goeth unto the grave to weep there

1132 Then when Mary was come where Jesus was and saw him she fell
down at his feet saying unto him Lord if thou hadst been here my
brother had not died

1133 When Jesus therefore saw her weeping and the Jews also weeping
which came with her he groaned in the spirit and was troubled

1134 And said Where have ye laid him They said unto him Lord come
and see

1135 Jesus wept

1136 Then said the Jews Behold how he loved him  1137 And some of
them said Could not this man which opened the eyes of the blind
have caused that even this man should not have died  1138 Jesus
therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave It was a
cave and a stone lay upon it

1139 Jesus said Take ye away the stone Martha the sister of him
that was dead saith unto him Lord by this time he stinketh for he
hath been dead four days

1140 Jesus saith unto her Said I not unto thee that if thou
wouldest believe thou shouldest see the glory of God  1141 Then
they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid And
Jesus lifted up his eyes and said Father I thank thee that thou
hast heard me

1142 And I knew that thou hearest me always but because of the
people which stand by I said it that they may believe that thou hast
sent me
