1338 Jesus answered him Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake
Verily verily I say unto thee The cock shall not crow till thou
hast denied me thrice

141 Let not your heart be troubled ye believe in God believe also
in me

142 In my Fathers house are many mansions if it were not so I
would have told you I go to prepare a place for you

143 And if I go and prepare a place for you I will come again and
receive you unto myself that where I am there ye may be also

144 And whither I go ye know and the way ye know

145 Thomas saith unto him Lord we know not whither thou goest and
how can we know the way  146 Jesus saith unto him I am the way the
truth and the life no man cometh unto the Father but by me

147 If ye had known me ye should have known my Father also and from
henceforth ye know him and have seen him

148 Philip saith unto him Lord shew us the Father and it sufficeth
us

149 Jesus saith unto him Have I been so long time with you and yet
hast thou not known me Philip he that hath seen me hath seen the
Father and how sayest thou then Shew us the Father  1410 Believest
thou not that I am in the Father and the Father in me  the words
that I speak unto you I speak not of myself but the Father that
dwelleth in me he doeth the works

1411 Believe me that I am in the Father and the Father in me or
else believe me for the very works sake

1412 Verily verily I say unto you He that believeth on me the
works that I do shall he do also and greater works than these shall
he do because I go unto my Father

1413 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name that will I do that the
Father may be glorified in the Son

1414 If ye shall ask any thing in my name I will do it

1415 If ye love me keep my commandments

1416 And I will pray the Father and he shall give you another
Comforter that he may abide with you for ever 1417 Even the Spirit
of truth whom the world cannot receive because it seeth him not
neither knoweth him but ye know him for he dwelleth with you and
shall be in you

1418 I will not leave you comfortless I will come to you

1419 Yet a little while and the world seeth me no more but ye see
me because I live ye shall live also

1420 At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father and ye in me
and I in you

1421 He that hath my commandments and keepeth them he it is that
loveth me and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father and I
will love him and will manifest myself to him

1422 Judas saith unto him not Iscariot Lord how is it that thou
wilt manifest thyself unto us and not unto the world  1423 Jesus
answered and said unto him If a man love me he will keep my words
and my Father will love him and we will come unto him and make our
abode with him

1424 He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings and the word which
ye hear is not mine but the Fathers which sent me

1425 These things have I spoken unto you being yet present with you

1426 But the Comforter which is the Holy Ghost whom the Father will
send in my name he shall teach you all things and bring all things
to your remembrance whatsoever I have said unto you

1427 Peace I leave with you my peace I give unto you not as the
world giveth give I unto you Let not your heart be troubled neither
let it be afraid

1428 Ye have heard how I said unto you I go away and come again
unto you If ye loved me ye would rejoice because I said I go unto
the Father for my Father is greater than I

1429 And now I have told you before it come to pass that when it is
come to pass ye might believe

1430 Hereafter I will not talk much with you for the prince of this
world cometh and hath nothing in me

1431 But that the world may know that I love the Father and as the
Father gave me commandment even so I do Arise let us go hence

151 I am the true vine and my Father is the husbandman

152 Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away and
every branch that beareth fruit he purgeth it that it may bring
