
1515 And to this agree the words of the prophets as it is written
1516 After this I will return and will build again the tabernacle of
David which is fallen down and I will build again the ruins thereof
and I will set it up 1517 That the residue of men might seek after
the Lord and all the Gentiles upon whom my name is called saith the
Lord who doeth all these things

1518 Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the
world

1519 Wherefore my sentence is that we trouble not them which from
among the Gentiles are turned to God 1520 But that we write unto
them that they abstain from pollutions of idols and from
fornication and from things strangled and from blood

1521 For Moses of old time hath in every city them that preach him
being read in the synagogues every sabbath day

1522 Then pleased it the apostles and elders with the whole church
to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and
Barnabas namely Judas surnamed Barsabas and Silas chief men among
the brethren 1523 And they wrote letters by them after this manner
The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren
which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia

1524 Forasmuch as we have heard that certain which went out from us
have troubled you with words subverting your souls saying Ye must
be circumcised and keep the law to whom we gave no such commandment
1525 It seemed good unto us being assembled with one accord to send
chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul 1526 Men that
have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ

1527 We have sent therefore Judas and Silas who shall also tell you
the same things by mouth

1528 For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us to lay upon you
no greater burden than these necessary things 1529 That ye abstain
from meats offered to idols and from blood and from things
strangled and from fornication from which if ye keep yourselves ye
shall do well Fare ye well

1530 So when they were dismissed they came to Antioch and when they
had gathered the multitude together they delivered the epistle 1531
Which when they had read they rejoiced for the consolation

1532 And Judas and Silas being prophets also themselves exhorted
the brethren with many words and confirmed them

1533 And after they had tarried there a space they were let go in
peace from the brethren unto the apostles

1534 Notwithstanding it pleased Silas to abide there still

1535 Paul also and Barnabas continued in Antioch teaching and
preaching the word of the Lord with many others also

1536 And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas Let us go again and
visit our brethren in every city where we have preached the word of
the LORD and see how they do

1537 And Barnabas determined to take with them John whose surname
was Mark

1538 But Paul thought not good to take him with them who departed
from them from Pamphylia and went not with them to the work

1539 And the contention was so sharp between them that they departed
asunder one from the other and so Barnabas took Mark and sailed unto
Cyprus 1540 And Paul chose Silas and departed being recommended by
the brethren unto the grace of God

1541 And he went through Syria and Cilicia confirming the churches

161 Then came he to Derbe and Lystra and behold a certain disciple
was there named Timotheus the son of a certain woman which was a
Jewess and believed but his father was a Greek 162 Which was well
reported of by the brethren that were at Lystra and Iconium

163 Him would Paul have to go forth with him and took and
circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters for
they knew all that his father was a Greek

164 And as they went through the cities they delivered them the
decrees for to keep that were ordained of the apostles and elders
which were at Jerusalem

165 And so were the churches established in the faith and increased
in number daily

166 Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of
Galatia and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in
Asia 167 After they were come to Mysia they assayed to go into
Bithynia but the Spirit suffered them not

168 And they passing by Mysia came down to Troas

169 And a vision appeared to Paul in the night There stood a man of
Macedonia and prayed him saying Come over into Macedonia and help
us
