as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost

193 And he said unto them Unto what then were ye baptized And they
said Unto Johns baptism

194 Then said Paul John verily baptized with the baptism of
repentance saying unto the people that they should believe on him
which should come after him that is on Christ Jesus

195 When they heard this they were baptized in the name of the Lord
Jesus

196 And when Paul had laid his hands upon them the Holy Ghost came
on them and they spake with tongues and prophesied

197 And all the men were about twelve

198 And he went into the synagogue and spake boldly for the space of
three months disputing and persuading the things concerning the
kingdom of God

199 But when divers were hardened and believed not but spake evil
of that way before the multitude he departed from them and separated
the disciples disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus

1910 And this continued by the space of two years so that all they
which dwelt in Asia heard the word of the Lord Jesus both Jews and
Greeks

1911 And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul 1912 So
that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons
and the diseases departed from them and the evil spirits went out of
them

1913 Then certain of the vagabond Jews exorcists took upon them to
call over them which had evil spirits the name of the LORD Jesus
saying We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth

1914 And there were seven sons of one Sceva a Jew and chief of the
priests which did so

1915 And the evil spirit answered and said Jesus I know and Paul I
know but who are ye  1916 And the man in whom the evil spirit was
leaped on them and overcame them and prevailed against them so that
they fled out of that house naked and wounded

1917 And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at
Ephesus and fear fell on them all and the name of the Lord Jesus was
magnified

1918 And many that believed came and confessed and shewed their
deeds

1919 Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books
together and burned them before all men and they counted the price
of them and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver

1920 So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed

1921 After these things were ended Paul purposed in the spirit when
he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia to go to Jerusalem
saying After I have been there I must also see Rome

1922 So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him
Timotheus and Erastus but he himself stayed in Asia for a season

1923 And the same time there arose no small stir about that way

1924 For a certain man named Demetrius a silversmith which made
silver shrines for Diana brought no small gain unto the craftsmen
1925 Whom he called together with the workmen of like occupation and
said Sirs ye know that by this craft we have our wealth

1926 Moreover ye see and hear that not alone at Ephesus but almost
throughout all Asia this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much
people saying that they be no gods which are made with hands 1927
So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought but
also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised
and her magnificence should be destroyed whom all Asia and the world
worshippeth

1928 And when they heard these sayings they were full of wrath and
cried out saying Great is Diana of the Ephesians

1929 And the whole city was filled with confusion and having caught
Gaius and Aristarchus men of Macedonia Pauls companions in travel
they rushed with one accord into the theatre

1930 And when Paul would have entered in unto the people the
disciples suffered him not

1931 And certain of the chief of Asia which were his friends sent
unto him desiring him that he would not adventure himself into the
theatre

1932 Some therefore cried one thing and some another for the
assembly was confused and the more part knew not wherefore they were
come together

1933 And they drew Alexander out of the multitude the Jews putting
