him forward And Alexander beckoned with the hand and would have made
his defence unto the people

1934 But when they knew that he was a Jew all with one voice about
the space of two hours cried out Great is Diana of the Ephesians

1935 And when the townclerk had appeased the people he said Ye men
of Ephesus what man is there that knoweth not how that the city of
the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana and of the
image which fell down from Jupiter  1936 Seeing then that these
things cannot be spoken against ye ought to be quiet and to do
nothing rashly

1937 For ye have brought hither these men which are neither robbers
of churches nor yet blasphemers of your goddess

1938 Wherefore if Demetrius and the craftsmen which are with him
have a matter against any man the law is open and there are
deputies let them implead one another

1939 But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters it shall
be determined in a lawful assembly

1940 For we are in danger to be called in question for this days
uproar there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this
concourse

1941 And when he had thus spoken he dismissed the assembly

201 And after the uproar was ceased Paul called unto him the
disciples and embraced them and departed for to go into Macedonia

202 And when he had gone over those parts and had given them much
exhortation he came into Greece 203 And there abode three months
And when the Jews laid wait for him as he was about to sail into
Syria he purposed to return through Macedonia

204 And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea and of the
Thessalonians Aristarchus and Secundus and Gaius of Derbe and
Timotheus and of Asia Tychicus and Trophimus

205 These going before tarried for us at Troas

206 And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened
bread and came unto them to Troas in five days where we abode seven
days

207 And upon the first day of the week when the disciples came
together to break bread Paul preached unto them ready to depart on
the morrow and continued his speech until midnight

208 And there were many lights in the upper chamber where they were
gathered together

209 And there sat in a window a certain young man named Eutychus
being fallen into a deep sleep and as Paul was long preaching he
sunk down with sleep and fell down from the third loft and was taken
up dead

2010 And Paul went down and fell on him and embracing him said
Trouble not yourselves for his life is in him

2011 When he therefore was come up again and had broken bread and
eaten and talked a long while even till break of day so he
departed

2012 And they brought the young man alive and were not a little
comforted

2013 And we went before to ship and sailed unto Assos there
intending to take in Paul for so had he appointed minding himself to
go afoot

2014 And when he met with us at Assos we took him in and came to
Mitylene

2015 And we sailed thence and came the next day over against Chios
and the next day we arrived at Samos and tarried at Trogyllium and
the next day we came to Miletus

2016 For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus because he would not
spend the time in Asia for he hasted if it were possible for him to
be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost

2017 And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus and called the elders of
the church

2018 And when they were come to him he said unto them Ye know from
the first day that I came into Asia after what manner I have been
with you at all seasons 2019 Serving the LORD with all humility of
mind and with many tears and temptations which befell me by the
lying in wait of the Jews 2020 And how I kept back nothing that was
profitable unto you but have shewed you and have taught you
publickly and from house to house 2021 Testifying both to the Jews
and also to the Greeks repentance toward God and faith toward our
Lord Jesus Christ

2022 And now behold I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem not
knowing the things that shall befall me there 2023 Save that the
Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city saying that bonds and afflictions
