part advised to depart thence also if by any means they might attain
to Phenice and there to winter which is an haven of Crete and lieth
toward the south west and north west

2713 And when the south wind blew softly supposing that they had
obtained their purpose loosing thence they sailed close by Crete

2714 But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind
called Euroclydon

2715 And when the ship was caught and could not bear up into the
wind we let her drive

2716 And running under a certain island which is called Clauda we
had much work to come by the boat 2717 Which when they had taken up
they used helps undergirding the ship and fearing lest they should
fall into the quicksands strake sail and so were driven

2718 And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest the next day
they lightened the ship 2719 And the third day we cast out with our
own hands the tackling of the ship

2720 And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared and no
small tempest lay on us all hope that we should be saved was then
taken away

2721 But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them
and said Sirs ye should have hearkened unto me and not have loosed
from Crete and to have gained this harm and loss

2722 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer for there shall be no
loss of any mans life among you but of the ship

2723 For there stood by me this night the angel of God whose I am
and whom I serve 2724 Saying Fear not Paul thou must be brought
before Caesar and lo God hath given thee all them that sail with
thee

2725 Wherefore sirs be of good cheer for I believe God that it
shall be even as it was told me

2726 Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island

2727 But when the fourteenth night was come as we were driven up and
down in Adria about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near
to some country 2728 And sounded and found it twenty fathoms and
when they had gone a little further they sounded again and found it
fifteen fathoms

2729 Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks they cast
four anchors out of the stern and wished for the day

2730 And as the shipmen were about to flee out of the ship when they
had let down the boat into the sea under colour as though they would
have cast anchors out of the foreship 2731 Paul said to the
centurion and to the soldiers Except these abide in the ship ye
cannot be saved

2732 Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat and let her
fall off

2733 And while the day was coming on Paul besought them all to take
meat saying This day is the fourteenth day that ye have tarried and
continued fasting having taken nothing

2734 Wherefore I pray you to take some meat for this is for your
health for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you

2735 And when he had thus spoken he took bread and gave thanks to
God in presence of them all and when he had broken it he began to
eat

2736 Then were they all of good cheer and they also took some meat

2737 And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and
sixteen souls

2738 And when they had eaten enough they lightened the ship and
cast out the wheat into the sea

2739 And when it was day they knew not the land but they discovered
a certain creek with a shore into the which they were minded if it
were possible to thrust in the ship

2740 And when they had taken up the anchors they committed
themselves unto the sea and loosed the rudder bands and hoised up
the mainsail to the wind and made toward shore

2741 And falling into a place where two seas met they ran the ship
aground and the forepart stuck fast and remained unmoveable but the
hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves

2742 And the soldiers counsel was to kill the prisoners lest any of
them should swim out and escape

2743 But the centurion willing to save Paul kept them from their
purpose and commanded that they which could swim should cast
themselves first into the sea and get to land 2744 And the rest
some on boards and some on broken pieces of the ship

