desire these many years to come unto you 1524 Whensoever I take my
journey into Spain I will come to you for I trust to see you in my
journey and to be brought on my way thitherward by you if first I be
somewhat filled with your company

1525 But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints

1526 For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a
certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem

1527 It hath pleased them verily and their debtors they are For if
the Gentiles have been made partakers of their spiritual things their
duty is also to minister unto them in carnal things

1528 When therefore I have performed this and have sealed to them
this fruit I will come by you into Spain

1529 And I am sure that when I come unto you I shall come in the
fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ

1530 Now I beseech you brethren for the Lord Jesus Christs sake
and for the love of the Spirit that ye strive together with me in
your prayers to God for me 1531 That I may be delivered from them
that do not believe in Judaea and that my service which I have for
Jerusalem may be accepted of the saints 1532 That I may come unto
you with joy by the will of God and may with you be refreshed

1533 Now the God of peace be with you all Amen

161 I commend unto you Phebe our sister which is a servant of the
church which is at Cenchrea 162 That ye receive her in the Lord as
becometh saints and that ye assist her in whatsoever business she
hath need of you for she hath been a succourer of many and of myself
also

163 Greet Priscilla and Aquila my helpers in Christ Jesus 164 Who
have for my life laid down their own necks unto whom not only I give
thanks but also all the churches of the Gentiles

165 Likewise greet the church that is in their house Salute my
well-beloved Epaenetus who is the firstfruits of Achaia unto Christ

166 Greet Mary who bestowed much labour on us

167 Salute Andronicus and Junia my kinsmen and my fellow-prisoners
who are of note among the apostles who also were in Christ before me

168 Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord

169 Salute Urbane our helper in Christ and Stachys my beloved

1610 Salute Apelles approved in Christ Salute them which are of
Aristobulus household

1611 Salute Herodion my kinsman Greet them that be of the household
of Narcissus which are in the Lord

1612 Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa who labour in the Lord Salute the
beloved Persis which laboured much in the Lord

1613 Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord and his mother and mine

1614 Salute Asyncritus Phlegon Hermas Patrobas Hermes and the
brethren which are with them

1615 Salute Philologus and Julia Nereus and his sister and
Olympas and all the saints which are with them

1616 Salute one another with an holy kiss The churches of Christ
salute you

1617 Now I beseech you brethren mark them which cause divisions and
offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned and avoid
them

1618 For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ but
their own belly and by good words and fair speeches deceive the
hearts of the simple

1619 For your obedience is come abroad unto all men I am glad
therefore on your behalf but yet I would have you wise unto that
which is good and simple concerning evil

1620 And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you Amen

1621 Timotheus my workfellow and Lucius and Jason and Sosipater
my kinsmen salute you

1622 I Tertius who wrote this epistle salute you in the Lord

1623 Gaius mine host and of the whole church saluteth you Erastus
the chamberlain of the city saluteth you and Quartus a brother

1624 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all Amen

1625 Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my
gospel and the preaching of Jesus Christ according to the revelation
of the mystery which was kept secret since the world began 1626 But
now is made manifest and by the scriptures of the prophets according
