152 By which also ye are saved if ye keep in memory what I preached
unto you unless ye have believed in vain

153 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received
how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures 154
And that he was buried and that he rose again the third day according
to the scriptures 155 And that he was seen of Cephas then of the
twelve 156 After that he was seen of above five hundred brethren at
once of whom the greater part remain unto this present but some are
fallen asleep

157 After that he was seen of James then of all the apostles

158 And last of all he was seen of me also as of one born out of due
time

159 For I am the least of the apostles that am not meet to be called
an apostle because I persecuted the church of God

1510 But by the grace of God I am what I am and his grace which was
bestowed upon me was not in vain but I laboured more abundantly than
they all yet not I but the grace of God which was with me

1511 Therefore whether it were I or they so we preach and so ye
believed

1512 Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead how say
some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead  1513 But
if there be no resurrection of the dead then is Christ not risen
1514 And if Christ be not risen then is our preaching vain and your
faith is also vain

1515 Yea and we are found false witnesses of God because we have
testified of God that he raised up Christ whom he raised not up if
so be that the dead rise not

1516 For if the dead rise not then is not Christ raised 1517 And
if Christ be not raised your faith is vain ye are yet in your sins

1518 Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished

1519 If in this life only we have hope in Christ we are of all men
most miserable

1520 But now is Christ risen from the dead and become the
firstfruits of them that slept

1521 For since by man came death by man came also the resurrection
of the dead

1522 For as in Adam all die even so in Christ shall all be made
alive

1523 But every man in his own order Christ the firstfruits
afterward they that are Christs at his coming

1524 Then cometh the end when he shall have delivered up the kingdom
to God even the Father when he shall have put down all rule and all
authority and power

1525 For he must reign till he hath put all enemies under his feet

1526 The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death

1527 For he hath put all things under his feet But when he saith all
things are put under him it is manifest that he is excepted which
did put all things under him

1528 And when all things shall be subdued unto him then shall the
Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him
that God may be all in all

1529 Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead if the
dead rise not at all why are they then baptized for the dead  1530
And why stand we in jeopardy every hour  1531 I protest by your
rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our LORD I die daily

1532 If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus
what advantageth it me if the dead rise not let us eat and drink
for to morrow we die

1533 Be not deceived evil communications corrupt good manners

1534 Awake to righteousness and sin not for some have not the
knowledge of God I speak this to your shame

1535 But some man will say How are the dead raised up and with what
body do they come  1536 Thou fool that which thou sowest is not
quickened except it die 1537 And that which thou sowest thou
sowest not that body that shall be but bare grain it may chance of
wheat or of some other grain 1538 But God giveth it a body as it
hath pleased him and to every seed his own body

1539 All flesh is not the same flesh but there is one kind of flesh
of men another flesh of beasts another of fishes and another of
birds

1540 There are also celestial bodies and bodies terrestrial but the
glory of the celestial is one and the glory of the terrestrial is
another
