children of Israel saying He that offereth the sacrifice of his
peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD
of the sacrifice of his peace offerings

730 His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire
the fat with the breast it shall he bring that the breast may be
waved for a wave offering before the LORD

731 And the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar but the breast
shall be Aarons and his sons

732 And the right shoulder shall ye give unto the priest for an heave
offering of the sacrifices of your peace offerings

733 He among the sons of Aaron that offereth the blood of the peace
offerings and the fat shall have the right shoulder for his part

734 For the wave breast and the heave shoulder have I taken of the
children of Israel from off the sacrifices of their peace offerings
and have given them unto Aaron the priest and unto his sons by a
statute for ever from among the children of Israel

735 This is the portion of the anointing of Aaron and of the
anointing of his sons out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire
in the day when he presented them to minister unto the LORD in the
priests office 736 Which the LORD commanded to be given them of the
children of Israel in the day that he anointed them by a statute for
ever throughout their generations

737 This is the law of the burnt offering of the meat offering and
of the sin offering and of the trespass offering and of the
consecrations and of the sacrifice of the peace offerings 738 Which
the LORD commanded Moses in mount Sinai in the day that he commanded
the children of Israel to offer their oblations unto the LORD in the
wilderness of Sinai

81 And the LORD spake unto Moses saying 82 Take Aaron and his sons
with him and the garments and the anointing oil and a bullock for
the sin offering and two rams and a basket of unleavened bread 83
And gather thou all the congregation together unto the door of the
tabernacle of the congregation

84 And Moses did as the LORD commanded him and the assembly was
gathered together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation

85 And Moses said unto the congregation This is the thing which the
LORD commanded to be done

86 And Moses brought Aaron and his sons and washed them with water

87 And he put upon him the coat and girded him with the girdle and
clothed him with the robe and put the ephod upon him and he girded
him with the curious girdle of the ephod and bound it unto him
therewith

88 And he put the breastplate upon him also he put in the
breastplate the Urim and the Thummim

89 And he put the mitre upon his head also upon the mitre even upon
his forefront did he put the golden plate the holy crown as the
LORD commanded Moses

810 And Moses took the anointing oil and anointed the tabernacle and
all that was therein and sanctified them

811 And he sprinkled thereof upon the altar seven times and anointed
the altar and all his vessels both the laver and his foot to
sanctify them

812 And he poured of the anointing oil upon Aarons head and
anointed him to sanctify him

813 And Moses brought Aarons sons and put coats upon them and
girded them with girdles and put bonnets upon them as the LORD
commanded Moses

814 And he brought the bullock for the sin offering and Aaron and
his sons laid their hands upon the head of the bullock for the sin
offering

815 And he slew it and Moses took the blood and put it upon the
horns of the altar round about with his finger and purified the
altar and poured the blood at the bottom of the altar and sanctified
it to make reconciliation upon it

816 And he took all the fat that was upon the inwards and the caul
above the liver and the two kidneys and their fat and Moses burned
it upon the altar

817 But the bullock and his hide his flesh and his dung he burnt
with fire without the camp as the LORD commanded Moses

818 And he brought the ram for the burnt offering and Aaron and his
sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram

819 And he killed it and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar
round about

820 And he cut the ram into pieces and Moses burnt the head and the
pieces and the fat
