Lord waxing confident by my bonds are much more bold to speak the
word without fear

115 Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife and some also
of good will 116 The one preach Christ of contention not sincerely
supposing to add affliction to my bonds 117 But the other of love
knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel

118 What then notwithstanding every way whether in pretence or in
truth Christ is preached and I therein do rejoice yea and will
rejoice

119 For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your
prayer and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ 120 According
to my earnest expectation and my hope that in nothing I shall be
ashamed but that with all boldness as always so now also Christ
shall be magnified in my body whether it be by life or by death

121 For to me to live is Christ and to die is gain

122 But if I live in the flesh this is the fruit of my labour yet
what I shall choose I wot not

123 For I am in a strait betwixt two having a desire to depart and
to be with Christ which is far better 124 Nevertheless to abide in
the flesh is more needful for you

125 And having this confidence I know that I shall abide and
continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith 126 That
your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my
coming to you again

127 Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of
Christ that whether I come and see you or else be absent I may hear
of your affairs that ye stand fast in one spirit with one mind
striving together for the faith of the gospel 128 And in nothing
terrified by your adversaries which is to them an evident token of
perdition but to you of salvation and that of God

129 For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ not only to
believe on him but also to suffer for his sake 130 Having the same
conflict which ye saw in me and now hear to be in me

21 If there be therefore any consolation in Christ if any comfort of
love if any fellowship of the Spirit if any bowels and mercies 22
Fulfil ye my joy that ye be likeminded having the same love being
of one accord of one mind

23 Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory but in lowliness
of mind let each esteem other better than themselves

24 Look not every man on his own things but every man also on the
things of others

25 Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus 26 Who
being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God
27 But made himself of no reputation and took upon him the form of a
servant and was made in the likeness of men 28 And being found in
fashion as a man he humbled himself and became obedient unto death
even the death of the cross

29 Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him and given him a name
which is above every name 210 That at the name of Jesus every knee
should bow of things in heaven and things in earth and things under
the earth 211 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ
is Lord to the glory of God the Father

212 Wherefore my beloved as ye have always obeyed not as in my
presence only but now much more in my absence work out your own
salvation with fear and trembling

213 For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his
good pleasure

214 Do all things without murmurings and disputings 215 That ye may
be blameless and harmless the sons of God without rebuke in the
midst of a crooked and perverse nation among whom ye shine as lights
in the world 216 Holding forth the word of life that I may rejoice
in the day of Christ that I have not run in vain neither laboured in
vain

217 Yea and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your
faith I joy and rejoice with you all

218 For the same cause also do ye joy and rejoice with me

219 But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you
that I also may be of good comfort when I know your state

220 For I have no man likeminded who will naturally care for your
state

221 For all seek their own not the things which are Jesus Christs

222 But ye know the proof of him that as a son with the father he
hath served with me in the gospel

223 Him therefore I hope to send presently so soon as I shall see
how it will go with me

