23 And hereby we do know that we know him if we keep his
commandments

24 He that saith I know him and keepeth not his commandments is a
liar and the truth is not in him

25 But whoso keepeth his word in him verily is the love of God
perfected hereby know we that we are in him

26 He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk
even as he walked

27 Brethren I write no new commandment unto you but an old
commandment which ye had from the beginning The old commandment is
the word which ye have heard from the beginning

28 Again a new commandment I write unto you which thing is true in
him and in you because the darkness is past and the true light now
shineth

29 He that saith he is in the light and hateth his brother is in
darkness even until now

210 He that loveth his brother abideth in the light and there is
none occasion of stumbling in him

211 But he that hateth his brother is in darkness and walketh in
darkness and knoweth not whither he goeth because that darkness hath
blinded his eyes

212 I write unto you little children because your sins are forgiven
you for his names sake

213 I write unto you fathers because ye have known him that is from
the beginning I write unto you young men because ye have overcome
the wicked one I write unto you little children because ye have
known the Father

214 I have written unto you fathers because ye have known him that
is from the beginning I have written unto you young men because ye
are strong and the word of God abideth in you and ye have overcome
the wicked one

215 Love not the world neither the things that are in the world If
any man love the world the love of the Father is not in him

216 For all that is in the world the lust of the flesh and the lust
of the eyes and the pride of life is not of the Father but is of
the world

217 And the world passeth away and the lust thereof but he that
doeth the will of God abideth for ever

218 Little children it is the last time and as ye have heard that
antichrist shall come even now are there many antichrists whereby we
know that it is the last time

219 They went out from us but they were not of us for if they had
been of us they would no doubt have continued with us but they went
out that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us

220 But ye have an unction from the Holy One and ye know all things

221 I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth but
because ye know it and that no lie is of the truth

222 Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ He is
antichrist that denieth the Father and the Son

223 Whosoever denieth the Son the same hath not the Father he that
acknowledgeth the Son hath the Father also

224 Let that therefore abide in you which ye have heard from the
beginning If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain
in you ye also shall continue in the Son and in the Father

225 And this is the promise that he hath promised us even eternal
life

226 These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce
you

227 But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you
and ye need not that any man teach you but as the same anointing
teacheth you of all things and is truth and is no lie and even as
it hath taught you ye shall abide in him

228 And now little children abide in him that when he shall
appear we may have confidence and not be ashamed before him at his
coming

229 If ye know that he is righteous ye know that every one that
doeth righteousness is born of him

31 Behold what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us that
we should be called the sons of God therefore the world knoweth us
not because it knew him not

32 Beloved now are we the sons of God and it doth not yet appear
what we shall be but we know that when he shall appear we shall be
