that are sanctified by God the Father and preserved in Jesus Christ
and called 12 Mercy unto you and peace and love be multiplied

13 Beloved when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common
salvation it was needful for me to write unto you and exhort you
that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once
delivered unto the saints

14 For there are certain men crept in unawares who were before of
old ordained to this condemnation ungodly men turning the grace of
our God into lasciviousness and denying the only Lord God and our
Lord Jesus Christ

15 I will therefore put you in remembrance though ye once knew this
how that the Lord having saved the people out of the land of Egypt
afterward destroyed them that believed not

16 And the angels which kept not their first estate but left their
own habitation he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness
unto the judgment of the great day

17 Even as Sodom and Gomorrha and the cities about them in like
manner giving themselves over to fornication and going after strange
flesh are set forth for an example suffering the vengeance of
eternal fire

18 Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh despise
dominion and speak evil of dignities

19 Yet Michael the archangel when contending with the devil he
disputed about the body of Moses durst not bring against him a
railing accusation but said The Lord rebuke thee

110 But these speak evil of those things which they know not but
what they know naturally as brute beasts in those things they
corrupt themselves

111 Woe unto them for they have gone in the way of Cain and ran
greedily after the error of Balaam for reward and perished in the
gainsaying of Core

112 These are spots in your feasts of charity when they feast with
you feeding themselves without fear clouds they are without water
carried about of winds trees whose fruit withereth without fruit
twice dead plucked up by the roots 113 Raging waves of the sea
foaming out their own shame wandering stars to whom is reserved the
blackness of darkness for ever

114 And Enoch also the seventh from Adam prophesied of these
saying Behold the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints 115
To execute judgment upon all and to convince all that are ungodly
among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly
committed and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have
spoken against him

116 These are murmurers complainers walking after their own lusts
and their mouth speaketh great swelling words having mens persons in
admiration because of advantage

117 But beloved remember ye the words which were spoken before of
the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ 118 How that they told you
there should be mockers in the last time who should walk after their
own ungodly lusts

119 These be they who separate themselves sensual having not the
Spirit

120 But ye beloved building up yourselves on your most holy faith
praying in the Holy Ghost 121 Keep yourselves in the love of God
looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life

122 And of some have compassion making a difference 123 And others
save with fear pulling them out of the fire hating even the garment
spotted by the flesh

124 Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling and to
present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding
joy 125 To the only wise God our Saviour be glory and majesty
dominion and power both now and ever Amen




The Revelation of Saint John the Devine


11 The Revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave unto him to shew
unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass and he sent
and signified it by his angel unto his servant John 12 Who bare
record of the word of God and of the testimony of Jesus Christ and
of all things that he saw

13 Blessed is he that readeth and they that hear the words of this
prophecy and keep those things which are written therein for the
time is at hand

14 John to the seven churches which are in Asia Grace be unto you
and peace from him which is and which was and which is to come and
from the seven Spirits which are before his throne 15 And from Jesus
Christ who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the
